The Background History of Girls’ Frontline
Notice: The information contained in this document is a summary of the events before the start of Girls’ Frontline. Further details can be found in the Codename Bakery Girl and Girls’ Frontline Confidential Files of which this report is based on. Due to changes between the Secret Documents and both Confidential Files, some details told in this document may be subject to
change. This is not a replacement for the source material, and I implore you to read the original.

Forward
Since the dawn of time, humanity has been driven by technological advancement. In the earliest days of man, advancement was caused by the need to survive. Controlling fire, building tools, and making clothes were some of the earliest achievements to assist in this effort. Once we became masters of ourselves, we moved to become the masters of the land. We started farming, we built grand civilizations on the shores of the greatest rivers, and we began to conquer the land outside of our homes. Humanity was beginning to become the dominant species on Earth, and the only force that could constrain us was our willingness to do what we wished.
The Secret Documents and Confidential Files of the Bakery Girl and Girls’ Frontline universe pose a question for humanity: “How would the nations of the world react if they were handed a piece of power from Gods?” This God-like power could ascend us to a new stage of evolution; however, it also had the potential to completely wipe us away. Who would use it to advance us as a people? Who would use it for more sinister means? Can humans possess the ability to control fire, but not cause firestorms?

1905-1908
The year 1905 marks the beginning of the timeline that would lead to Reverse Collapse/Code Name Bakery Girl and Girls’ Frontline. During that year, Tsar Nicholas Romanov II of the Russian Empire ordered an expedition to a site near the Tunguska River in Siberia. The exact location is unknown but by the end of the expedition, the Russians had come across the ruins of an ancient civilization. At that time, the Russians had no idea about the scale of the discovery they had made. Soon after returning to the Tsar, Romanov ordered a research headquarters to be built for an investigation into these
 
ruins. The first relic research headquarters was set up at Lomonosov State University in Moscow. The Tsar directly commanded the facility and ordered all research to be shared with the Kremlin. For the next three years, research into the matter grew more diligent and thorough.

Tunguska Event 1908
Relic research for the first three years was quite fruitful for the Russians. At that time, no one besides the Kremlin or the University researchers was aware of the “relics” or the “relic site.” However, the first mistake made with relics was, without a doubt, a major mistake. On the 30th of June, 1908, researchers at the Tunguska River relic site were working with a “reactor” of sorts. It is unknown what exactly caused the instability of the reactor, but the consequence of not controlling it was severe. A massive explosion occurred that day when stability was lost. The blast instantly annihilated much of the surrounding area with atom-bomb-like effects. This event would become more commonly known as the Tunguska Event and was the first disaster caused by misuse of the relics.

1908 to Post-WWI
Following the Tunguska Event, the Russians became very hesitant about the relics.
Further research would soon be cut short due to the situation in Europe. World War I forced relic research to be put on hold for several years as the focus needed to be shifted towards the war effort. By 1917, due to political and class divisions in the Russian Empire, the Bolshevik revolution had risen and overthrown the Tsar. Following the October Revolution, relic research seemed to be put on permanent hiatus. It was not until the late 1920s and 1930s that relic matters would gain attention once more for the Soviet Union.

Pre-WWII & Urkunde-01
The late 1920s and 1930s reopened the investigations into the relics. The Soviet Union began to look into the findings of Lomonosov University made before the war.
 
These efforts were few and far between as the research would be put on hold once more due to the rise of Stalin and later the Great Purge. The Soviets would not look further into the matter until near the end of World War II. However, another group in Europe had begun to investigate the relics while the Soviets stopped.
With the rise of the Third Reich, certain organizations within the Nazi regime began to research matters to benefit the Reich. The Organization Todt, a civil engineering group that also investigated the occult, had made a monumental discovery in Germany.
Sometime during the mid-1930s, Todt discovered a colossal hollow beneath the Nordhausen Harz mountains in Central Germany. The height of the hollow was measured to be approximately seven stories tall and was determined to not be a natural formation. This would come to be the second relic site found by humanity and would be given the name of Urkunde-01.
While the true purpose of the site would not be determined until the Soviets took over, the Germans made several advancements and discoveries of their own. The existence of this hollow was considered top secret by the Germans, and very few besides the government and Todt were aware of its existence. Thanks to the secrecy provided by the arrangement, research for nuclear arms and V-type rockets would be stored here during WWII. Meanwhile, an unknown matter was stored in crystal capsules throughout the site. This unknown substance was observed and recorded by the Nazi Dr. Josef Mengele, The Angel of Death. While working at Urkunde-01, Mengele reported in his notes many of the workers and researchers were falling ill to an unknown disease. As these individuals were in close contact with the substances found at the site, Mengele hypothesized the unknown matter could be the cause of the illness. However, when reporting his findings to the Third Reich leaders, they ignored the report and dismissed the disease. The Reich would continue its research into the Urkunde-01 site throughout the 1930s and partially during the war. Urkunde-01 became the Third Reich’s best-kept secret up to the end of the war.

WWII & The Spoils
 
From 1939 to 1945, the world was faced with an unimaginable bloody conflict unseen ever before upon the Earth. As the allies across the globe pushed the Axis powers back into their native countries, the allies began to look beyond the war. It would be made clear by 1945 the Americans and Soviets would become the world’s new superpowers after the fall of the Axis. Both sides saw the writing on the wall coming at the war’s end and were rapidly becoming interested in gaining the edge over one another both technologically and politically. Despite the difference between the East and West, the objective was mutual. Gain the edge needed to stay ahead in the next conflict.
Before the end of the war in 1945, the Americans and Soviets formed war spoils groups. The goal of both nations was to gain more information and research left by the Third Reich and the Japanese Empire than the other. The United States formed “Team Alsos,” a war spoils and plunder team led by a Russo-American named Colonel Boris Pash. On the Soviet side, a “Trade Federation” unit was formed for the job and would directly report to the State Defense Committee during operations. Desired intelligence and technology included but were not limited to: nuclear and atomic research, yellowcake, rocket technology, “saucer-like” craft, flying weapons, jet propulsions systems, and swept-wing aircraft. However, despite the plethora of available research left to be found by the Americans, the Soviets set most of their focus in another direction.
As Team Alsos and the Trade Federation continued their plunders of Axis research, many Germans had ended their investigations and abandoned their
military-industrial projects. Several of these projects, and the relic information among them, were stored in the town of Bleicherode. Residing in the state of Thuringia, near the Nordhausen mountains, it made the location remote enough to hide secrets there. The Urkunde-01 relic site was located not far from Bleicherode as well. Before the fall of Berlin, Alsos and the Trade Federation had caught wind about the information stored in the town, and it became a race against time to arrive in Bleicherode and gain control of Organization Todt’s secrets. Despite the best efforts of the Trade Federation, Alsos managed to arrive in Bleicherode first.
 
As the Americans entered Bleicherode, it was clear Alsos was unprepared for the volume of information stored there. Due to a lack of personnel in Alsos, they had a limited amount of time and resources to secure all the intel, and the desired fruit of Alsos’ labor was Third Reich nuclear research. Nearly all atomic and rocket research, as well as several key Reich scientists, were taken by Alsos with one of these scientists being none other than Wernher Von Braun. Research into the “relics” was mostly ignored compared to the importance of nuclear technology and would prove a crippling mistake on Alsos’ part. Had the Americans taken this information, the Soviets would’ve been left
empty-handed for their main purpose was the relics. As the majority of all knowledge about relics and the ancient civilization was held in the hands of the Soviets, the information held by the Germans only aided their efforts. Once the Trade Federation arrived, all information found about the relics was taken. In some of these German documents, details referenced the nearby Urkunde-01, and the Soviets would begin moving to secure the site. In 1943, the Soviets heard rumors about the site from captured axis POWs but had no concrete evidence until now. Workers, including Dr. Mengele, at the relic site, were forced into surrender by the Soviet force. The Trade Federation had found the Reich’s best-kept secret and the keys to the castle with it.
The discovery of Urkunde-01 by the Soviets had opened Pandora’s Box on relic research. Now the Tunguska Site would no longer be the only ancient civilization site available for study. During the German surrender, Dr. Mengele was taken by the unit as a POW. Mengele’s notes about the site and his experiments in the concentration camps piqued the interest of the Trade Federation. Information about the mysterious matter contained at the site was handed over by Mengele during the surrender. At the time, both sides had no concrete idea what the matter was, but Mengele insisted it could cause an unknown illness. With the fall of the Nazi regime by May and control over the
Urkunde-01 intel, the USSR gained an additional ten years of relic research. The Americans had failed in the relic field and were none the wiser to the Soviets’ true plans. Team Alsos was conned into believing they had won the war for research.
 
Post-WWII 1945-1950
As the flag of the Reich fell in Berlin, the East and West were soon thrown into another conflict. This war would not be a true war per se, rather, a war fought with propaganda, military-industrial advancements, and proxy wars. For the first two years following the end of WWII, life carried on and Europe would begin to rebuild once more. In 1947, American President Truman declared to Congress that the United States will assist in the efforts of helping all nations under threat by authoritarianism, particularly the Soviet Union. To Truman, and many in Europe, the threat of the USSR could not be tolerated. Truman’s well-known “Truman Doctrine” would be marked as the beginning of the period known as the “Cold War.”
On the other side of the world during this time, the USSR would begin their response to the US for the coming conflict. The Kremlin would soon double down on their research and investigation into nuclear, aerospace, and relic technologies. While the Americans had a technical edge in nuclear arms and rocket technology early on thanks to the Manhattan Project and Team Alsos, the Soviets had already gained a fifty-year lead on relics. The Americans were likely unaware of relics at all until at least 1955. However, by 1949, the Soviets were closing the gap in ballistic missile technology. In addition to closing the gap, they had made a monumental discovery from the Urkunde-01 site. One that had the chance to shift the balance of power almost entirely into Soviet hands.
Urkunde-01 would become the site of the so-called “First Relic.” In the files concerning the site, the Germans determined it must have been a “production system” of sorts, but had little evidence and understanding into the matter. When the Soviets gained access to these files, the Kremlin authorized a plan for “Project Starfish” to build a replica of the First Relic in the Tabasar-B Proving Grounds in the Soviet Union. Despite not having a complete understanding of what it would create or the full purpose, the Soviet plan was put into action. By 1950, construction based on the Urkunde-01 data was finished. While maintaining secrecy, news of this facility had reached Washington with both worry and skepticism. While Washington lacked any true knowledge about what the
 
Soviets were truly testing at Tabasar-B, they authorized the placement of SRBMs in allied European nations. These SRBMs would act as a contingency in the event of a full-scale nuclear exchange with Tabasar-B being on the list of primary targets.

The 1950s
As the Cold War began, the Soviets managed to maintain a serious lead over the newly formed NATO in military and relic technology. The latter was not even a known subject by the Americans until their discovery in 1955. As NATO deployed nuclear arms to their borders, the Soviets began the world’s first relic weapon and technology program. The Tabasar-B facility is believed to be the first reverse-engineered piece of relic technology based on the First Relic from Urkunde-01. Additionally, the Soviets became naturally more curious about the properties of relics and their possibilities. The Gulags became the largest experimental lab for relics in the world for years to come. No information exists on what specifically took place there, but we do know the earliest artificial linkages for the Assault Artillery platform would be developed there. After the fall of the Soviet Union, much of this research continued at the Falkland Islands lab. As the Warsaw Pact was forming in 1955, NATO realized this was their one opportunity to infiltrate and find intelligence before the Pact officially formed. It would be during this infiltration the US would learn about the so-called “relics,” but lacked sufficient evidence to prove their existence.
The United States lacked concrete evidence for the existence of relics until a discovery in 1955. McMurdo Antarctic Surveillance Station was established in 1955 near the shore of Lake Vostok in Antarctica. In the same year, the US would discover their first relic site approximately a kilometer away from the station. Relic Site D-1 named the “Door,” would prove the existence of relics, and would open Pandora’s Box for the Americans. Contained at the site was a “gate” of sorts as well as various mechanical remnants. The remains were brought back to the United States to be studied and
reverse-engineered. During this time, Washington would fund a black-budget organization known as “Big Sieve” to deal with matters relating to the relics. Scientists
 
and researchers from the USAF, Lockheed-Martin, ARPA, and Big Sieve would collaborate in the reverse-engineering of the D-1 remnants. During this process, Lockheed-Martin would found its “Skunk Works” sector as a cover for the projects. Various well-known aircraft systems and designs would be developed based on the D-1 remains. The U-2, SR-71, F-117, F-22, and next-generation fighter programs were all derived from the project. As the Americans began to cross into a new age of technological advancement, the Soviet grasp on relics grew tighter. In the years following D-1’s discovery, the Americans would soon realize how far behind they truly were.
On the 13th of May, 1958, the United States launched a secret reconnaissance mission of the alleged Tabasar-B facility. The U-2, an aircraft derived from the reverse engineering of the relic remains at D-1, was chosen for this mission. The operation began during the day with the U-2 taking off from an undisclosed location. As the aircraft flew over the Proving Grounds, several images and videos were taken from the onboard cameras. The footage would cause a realization to Washington that the Soviets had already had a significant lead on the relics. Images taken from the U-2 presented a complex spanning the entire proving grounds. At the center of the site lay the Tabasar-B facility itself with a massive array of defense systems around it. The facility consisted of five axes that radiated outward from the center at 120° angles. Around the facility, lay an array of anti-air weapons in a ring in the event of an aerial attack. Multiple S-75 SAM systems were in firing positions during that time. The images showed multiple roads to the facility all linking to a nearby airport, and it is believed an entire regiments worth of aircraft is based within. With a regiment of Soviet aircraft on standby and enormous
anti-air missile coverage of the site, it’s improbable that Tabasar-B could be destroyed in an air raid. Soon after footage was taken of the site, the U-2 was detected and a missile was fired from an S-75. Within thirty seconds of the images being taken, the U-2 was shot down. The exact purpose of the Tabasar-B facility would remain unknown; however, the US knew they must catch up with the Soviets at all costs.
Washington and the intelligence community began to panic following the incident.
The facade held by the Soviets had fallen, and the perception held by the United States
 
was shattered. The American government would begin a campaign of rapid research and development in the field of relics. Earlier in the year, President Eisenhower proposed an agency named the Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA) to Congress. The main purpose of ARPA would be to ensure the United States would be the leader in military technology. ARPA received widespread support from Congress, gaining over two hundred million dollars of funding by the time it was established. When the United States began its campaign into relics, ARPA would be assigned into a lead role alongside Big Sieve and Skunk Works. All projects would be given strict deadlines to ensure completion, and failure was not an option. All possibilities were on the table to assist in the effort. It would be at this time that the Soviets realized the Americans had become aware of the Tabasar-B facility. Time was now ticking for the Soviets to produce something of value from the facility. By order of Khrushchev himself, the KGB’s newly formed 16th Directorate would take direct control of relic matters along with the Department of Relic Research and Protection excavating and researching the relics.

Prelude The 1960s
For the first full decade of the Cold War, both sides participated in the investigation and reverse-engineering of relics. Near the end of the 1950s, the Americans were closing the gap in relic matters while the Soviets continued to fail to produce something of value from Tabasar-B. All of this would change during the 1960s. It would be during this time both sides would begin programs for relic-based weaponry. The 1960s would be the beginning of an age of madness that would not end until the conclusion of the conflict.

Tabasar-B & “Идиот” (Moron) 1961
The Soviet Tabasar-B Facility, “Starfish,” was an immense production facility built as a replica of the First Relic from the Urkunde-01 site in Germany. The facility was
 
contained within the borders of Tabasar-B Proving Grounds. Defense of the facility was considered a top priority to maintain secrecy and protection of relic research. An aircraft regiment, anti-air weapons, and widespread missile coverage completely encapsulated the facility for this purpose. Testing of the facility began back in 1950; however, it failed to produce anything successful. The head of the team that managed production systems was a Soviet professor named M.J. Syrzvia. The status quo would be maintained until 1958 after an American U-2 reconnaissance plane was shot down while investigating the site.
The Soviets, knowing the US was aware of the site by then, began to invest heavily into the success of the facility. Despite countless failures, Tabasar-B finally produced a successful “subject” on the 28th of January, 1961.
Tabasar-B had begun to prove itself as a fruitful effort. Soviet patience had finally paid off when the first subject was created. The subject was a sort of “biomechanical” mass made up of unknown matter. The Soviets would name the mass the “Идиот” (Moron in English). During initial testing, the Soviets placed the Moron into a room filled with the aforementioned matter. When the Moron was placed into the room, it would move itself to consume the matter, but exactly how the mass moves is unknown. It was observed that metal objects “consumed” by the Moron would decompose into pure,
mono-elemental powders. The Moron seemed to be capable of “collapsing” items into their base elemental forms. Given the mass had responded to the introduction of the matter in its environment, a guidance system could be implemented to control it. Despite lacking the ability to truly turn the Moron into a controllable weapon, the Kremlin’s curiosity had been piqued. For Khrushchev, a public display of these machines could be the final message to the Americans that the Soviets will remain as the leaders of relic technology.
As 1961 came to a close, the Soviets, particularly Khrushchev, could feel the strength of the Soviet Union growing. Following the summit in Vienna with Kennedy in June, the rise of the Berlin Wall in August, and the continuation of nuclear tests, Khrushchev authorized a major public display of Soviet power. Khrushchev wanted to make the record clear for Washington: the Soviets will remain as the top power in the
 
world. He would make his doctrine clear during the 1961 October Revolution Parade in Moscow. On November 7th, 1961, the public would learn of reverse-engineered relic tech for the first time, and the Americans would suffer a crushing blow to morale. During the parade, multiple Morons were put in the back of vehicles for public display. While the full capabilities of the Morons were not fully known, the Soviets had proven relic technology could be weaponized. The following day in Washington, Kennedy would abandon the Apollo program and direct the funding towards the exploration of the ancient civilization and its relics. After the failure in the Bay of Pigs earlier in the year, Kennedy and the Americans refused to fall in second place. Allowing the Soviets to become the only relic weapon armed nation, was not an option, and the age of relic weaponization had begun.

Cuban Moron Crisis 1962
Following the successful display of the Moron weapons, the Soviet Union began to expand its sphere of influence and further display its strength. Additionally, during 1962, the Soviets would begin work on early versions of the Moron control system. This system, named “Емеля-1” (Emelya-1), was a ternary control bus for Moron guidance. As a show of dominance, the Soviets would deploy Morons, Emelya-1s, anti-air weapons, and new generation fighter jets to Cuba throughout the year. In the event of an all-out war, the USSR had the advantage of ready-to-go weapons within the region. During October, the United States would learn of the Cuban and Soviet activities during a U-2 reconnaissance mission over Cuba.
Once proof of Moron deployment was confirmed in Cuba, Washington had panicked. Within a year of the reveal of Morons, the Soviets had already begun deploying them near American borders. For the Americans, the thought of such weapons within range of the mainland United States could not be tolerated. For the rest of October, the US and USSR engaged in intense negotiations and political tensions over the incident. If the Soviets refused to negotiate, the US would mount an invasion of Cuba which would
 
likely lead to World War III. Of course, this was seen as a final option only to be used as a contingency. The US refused to allow the USSR’s weapons near American borders, and the Soviets wanted NATO ballistic missiles out of range from their own. By the end of October, a deal was brokered by both sides. In return for the Soviets pulling the Morons out of Cuba, the Americans would order nuclear missiles to be pulled from several NATO allied nations. The world sighed a breath of relief for it had avoided armageddon, but it was not without a cost. Multiple NATO allies in Northern Europe felt that the Americans had appeased the Soviets by pulling the missiles. This would prompt several of these nations to resign from NATO in the following years.

Urkunde-01 & 90Wunsch 1962-1971
Following the Cuban Moron Crisis, the East and West backed down from one another for some time. Both sides knew if tensions became hot enough, a third world war with nuclear exchanges would be inevitable. Relic weapon development would not end, but the deployment of these types of weapons would be put on temporary hold. During this short period, both would return to investigating and developing relics in their nations with little threat of global war.
The Soviet Moron program continued onward with further research into their origins and workings of the First Relic. Considering the Tabasar-B facility was based on the First Relic from Urkunde-01, the Soviets decided to study it further for possible assistance in the Moron program. To assist in the new research of the First Relic, the Ministers of the German Democratic Republic ordered the formation of a new project team from the Leipzig University of Karl Marx. One of the project’s members was Markus Wolf, a foreign intelligence head for the GDR’s Ministry of State Security, more commonly known as the Stasi. Wolf would keep a note of his discoveries and experiences during the Urkunde-01 research in various journals and reports. The site of the First Relic was reported inside a massive, seven-story tall hollow underneath the Nordhausen mountains. The site was guarded by two heavy steel doors at the entrance. The hollow
 
walls were reported to be some kind of metallic substance with multiple 120° indentations located along with them. To the German researchers, this place was nothing more than mere rumors until now. Urkunde-01 was clearly not of known human origin.
Markus Wolf’s research team was rendered useless during the early parts of the Urkunde-01 re-exploration. The Russians had taken all the relics and the remnants
off-site, and only left the hollow itself with the indentations. The team hypothesized the grooves and indentations in the wall were laid out like an interface, but the purpose remained unknown at the time. Flake samples of the wall were taken to determine the composition of the metal and were confirmed to contain titanium dioxide, iron oxide, and other metal oxides. After this test, the team concluded that Urkunde-01 was confirmed to be of non-natural origin. With the lack of assistance with the First Relic, the Urkunde-01 re-investigation would not pay off until at least 1965.
While the KGB 16th Directorate continued their development of the Emelya-1 control bus, the East German research team continued diligently to understand the First Relic. Wolf hypothesized the grooves on the wall were a type of electrical interface.
Before heading to Cuba for a short time, Wolf ordered a team of electrical engineers and personnel with knowledge of computers to be formed to analyze the interface.
Additionally, to maintain security and secrecy during the investigation, he asked for armed police to stand as guards outside the site. Once Wolf returned to East Germany, he was met with exactly what he had requested. By December 19th, 1965, over three years since the research team was ordered to be formed, a breakthrough had been achieved.
Urkunde-01 produced a response after the team emitted electrical signals onto the grooves of the hollow’s walls. Wolf’s hypothesis proved to be correct, and the response was proof of it. The First Relic used ternary electromagnetic signals transferred into the grooves for a communication output. The team concluded a building had to be created to monitor and process the signals coming from the relic. The job of decrypting the signals would be left for the scientists at Leipzig University.
Investigations into Urkunde-01 would continue until at least 1971 with Markus Wolf’s team. By this time the University’s facility for decrypting the First Relic’s signals
 
had been set up and was active. This “electronic surveillance center” along with the First Relic Investigation Working Group was given a new name by Wolf: 90Wunsch, German for 90wish. The old codename for the program, Listening Post 90, was changed due to security concerns. The surveillance center located at the University continued to monitor the signals emitted by the relic, but nothing could be concluded from them. Despite nothing of value being decrypted, 90Wunsch discovered various phenomena from the signal, and these phenomena assisted in the development of new electronic and radio components. Certain members of 90Wunsch did have their worries about the relic with the site likely not being of human origin and was potentially very dangerous. 90Wunsch would continue even when faced with the fear of what the relic was capable of.
Additionally, the East Germans had detected a NATO listening outpost near the outskirts of Berlin. Using technology and advancements made since the exploration began, they would participate in electronic eavesdropping of the outpost.

American Relic Developments The Mid to Late 1960s
When the Cuban Moron Crisis ended in 1962, the United States began to look further into relic matters. The Soviets had kept a gap in relics for the entire Cold War thus far, and the Americans needed to close it. The Soviets looked more into directly using relics, but the Americans were far more interested in applying relic technology for other applications. One of the first systems designed with the application of relic technology was the U-2 aircraft. By 1964, Skunk Works was in the process of designing another aircraft with more capabilities than the U-2.
Wreckage from a relic site held by Americans was transported to Skunk Works for the study of the system. When analyzing the remains, they discovered a design for a new type of thruster engine significantly more powerful than the previous J58 engine. Within a year, the engine had been built and put into service for future aircraft. This new thruster engine named the J64 became the successor to the J58. The J64 allowed for significantly more thrust for jets, and the first aircraft to have it implemented was the Lockheed
 
SR-71A in 1967. The SR-71’s first successful test flight occurred in 1967, and soon would be used as a high altitude, high-speed reconnaissance aircraft to spy on the enemy.
In addition to the SR-71, the Americans began to look further into the prospect of relic-derived aircraft. Both the U-2 and the SR-71 had proven their usefulness in reconnaissance, and there was no reason to believe relic-based aircraft with offensive capabilities could not be made. Around this time, plans and designs would be drafted for a new type of high-altitude, high-speed strategic bomber meant to be used against the Soviets. This theoretical bomber would be given the name of “Aurora.” If the Aurora was created, it would give the Americans a bomber out of the range of several Soviet anti-air systems as well as the ability to conduct operations at a blistering speed. In some circumstances, it could provide the US with first-strike capabilities against an enemy target. The Aurora would remain a concept until the 1970s and would prove a massive show of strength for the United States.
In addition to aircraft, ARPA, along with the US Navy, would begin a collaborative effort in the research and development of relic implementations for naval vessels. In 1969, remains of a wreckage taken from the D-51 Relic Site located somewhere in the Lake Central region of California would be brought back for research purposes. These remains were confirmed to be parts of a ship’s propulsion system. A new magnetohydrodynamic propulsion system for the US Navy would be created based on these remains and would be later implemented into destroyers and by 1978, in nuclear submarines. Destroyers would enjoy a wider sonar radius, and submarines would become nearly silent while under the water. By the end of the 1960s, the United States had increased its funding and efforts into relic research after the Cuban Moron Crisis. For the first time, the Americans closed the gap on a technological level but still were behind in relic-based weaponry.

GAVIRUL Discovery The Early 1960s
 
The Beilan Island Relic Site (No. 27 Class Technological Research Base) was located just off the coast of Shanghai, China, and is currently the only known relic site in East Asia. During an excavation of the site in the early 1960s, a tremendous discovery had been made. A being of unknown origin was excavated 67 meters beneath the surface of the island. This being was believed to be an intelligent member of the ancient civilization that created the relics. The individual would be given the name “GAVIRUL,” but the Chinese scientific name was “Officer.” GAVIRUL was surmised to be a guardian of the relics for the ancient civilization due to the area it was found in. After determining the site was of no further value, researchers ordered the Beilan site to be closed and the GAVIRUL put into storage. GAVIRUL would be held in storage for over thirty years before seeing use in the reproduction project in the 1990s.

Relic Gas 1967-1968
After the discovery of the D-1 Relic Site in 1955, the United States would continue to discover and excavate more relic sites including the D-9-Beta-Zuma Relic Site. D-9 was discovered in November of 1967 near Warren, Wyoming. All sites held by the Americans, including D-9, were all held by Big Sieve, and all activities ran would be managed by Sieve and ARPA. Deep within D-9’s vault contained massive amounts of the unknown substance, also found in other relic sites, in a gaseous state. When researchers at D-9 tried to take samples of the gaseous substance, the matter could not be liquified by conventional means. Interestingly, the substance would only convert to a liquid state when exposed to organic matter.
Due to the nature of this phenomenon, ARPA scientists at the facility became curious about the effects of the fluid on organic life. In one specific experiment, researchers placed a human test subject within a test chamber to observe what the fluid would do to a human. As the test began, the researchers released the material into the test chamber with the subject. A yellowish-green gas fed into the room, and following previously observed phenomena, it began to liquefy when in contact with organic matter.
 
As soon as the fluid came into contact with the flesh of the subject, they began to scream in agony due to the searing pain. Researchers noticed the fluid was melting and corroding the flesh around the area of contact and directly “peeled” the flesh away from the bone.
Within five minutes of the experiment beginning, the subject had expired from the effects of the fluid. Some D-9 researchers became quite intrigued by the experiment and hypothesized the fluid could be weaponized. If it can completely wipe someone away with only a controlled amount, how lethal would a bomb of this “relic gas” be?

“Accelerant” 1968-1969
As the Soviets continued to perfect the Moron machines, the Americans began to grow acquainted with the idea of relic weapons as well. Following the end of the Cuban Moron Crisis in 1962, and the assassination of Kennedy in 1963, President Johnson grew desperate for a positive look of the US. The United States required a show of strength; one that could match the Soviet relic weapons. Tests conducted from D-9-Beta-Zuma proved the so-called “relic gas” was devastating when in contact with the human body, and it could be weaponized with something akin to a bomb. It was summarized that after being dropped from an aircraft, an explosive would burst in the air over the target and cause the gas to contaminate the target. In theory, the gas would likely cause the target area to be annihilated during the bombing and render the surrounding area uninhabitable. LBJ, desperate to save face, immediately supported the project of relic gas bombs, and in 1968, he would request three, 1-ton canisters of relic gas for the weapons. The gas canisters and necessary ARPA equipment would be moved onboard the USS Enterprise in the Gulf of Tonkin by LBJ’s order. To maintain the secrecy of the operation, ARPA named the gas canisters “accelerant” and avoided writing the code name on any official documentation.
By July of 1969, the first live combat trial of the “accelerant” was authorized against North Vietnamese forces. The target of the mission was chosen to be an undisclosed location near the Ho Chi Minh Trail used by the enemy as a rendezvous point
 
after bombing runs. Big Sieve would oversee the operation, and a squadron of F-4 Phantoms known as the “Thundercats” would conduct the bombing. The plan called for the Thundercats to start their bombing once the enemy force had assembled at the target location following a bombing run conducted by B-52s. The first use of weapons derived from relics would soon begin.
On July 5th, 1969, the mission was given the green light and a relic gas bomb was mounted onboard one of the Thundercats’ F-4s. The squadron took off from the Enterprise and was en-route to the target following a bombing run made by B-52s in the area. As the squadron arrived at the target, multiple groups of the enemy had assembled and the relic gas bomb was released. The bomb burst 300m above the target and caused a massive area of destruction. Images taken from a surveillance plane several hours after the bombing exposed the full extent of the devastation and proved the bomb was very effective.
An area of 500 meters in diameter had become scorched black earth with no signs of life whatsoever. The enemy in the rears of trucks was nowhere to be seen, and it was surmised they were killed instantly. Strangely, the wooden furniture of the several Kalashnikov rifles was missing with their barrels warped. It’s currently believed the substance’s property of “collapsing” organic matter was the cause of the forest and wood furniture corroding away. As for the warping of barrels, it would suggest the gas caused temperatures upwards of 1000°C in the immediate area. Adding additional support to this belief was the presence of glaze on the surface caused by melting ores within the ground. Interestingly, it was learned by accident that the gas caused extreme levels of radioactivity around it. Ionizing radiation had caused spots to form on the film taken from the surveillance plane despite being over two kilometers above the area. An area of 3000 hectares was believed to be damaged and or irradiated by the bomb. The trial had concluded the bombs were extremely effective in their job. The success of the mission proved immediately to ARPA they needed more gas for combat trials, and after informing the Pentagon of the effectiveness, they requested more relic gas. The exact amount of relic gas used in Vietnam remains unknown, but by the end of the war, the canisters never
 
made it onto any recovery manifest, suggesting all had been used. Regardless of their effects, the overwhelming success of the gas bombs had given the Americans their desired relic weapons.

Prelude The 1970s
As the Americans finally produced successful relic weapons, Soviet research into their relics began to stagnate. Ever since the Cuban Moron Crisis in 1962, the Soviets continued their efforts into understanding the Morons and perfecting their systems.
Further developments into the Moron project would not occur until at least 1971 at the Tabasar-B facility. Aside from the development of relic weapons, the nations would begin to expand the horizon of their research during the mid-1970s.

“Шука” (Shuka/Pike) 1971-1972
With the stagnation of relic research occurring in the Soviet Union, the Kremlin became impatient with the Moron program. In the time since the Cuban Moron Crisis, the Americans continued to gain ground in the field while the Soviets progressed little, but the status quo would change once more back into Soviets’ hands in 1971. The Tabasar-B Starfish had stabilized a Moron and the staff would soon realize the full identity of the subject. Additionally, a new, revised version of the Emelya-1 ternary control bus called the Emelya-M was created to function with the Morons. And by 1972, the strategic weapon was completed and would be named the “Шука” (Shuka/Pike). Meanwhile across the Atlantic in 1969, Richard Nixon had taken power in Washington. Around the period of the Pikes’ completion, Nixon and China would broker an agreement over a possible mutual withdrawal from Vietnam. The Sino-US Joint Communique, alongside Nixon’s earlier visit to Moscow that year, would pique the Soviet interest in presenting the finished Pikes to the world.
Feeling the strength of the Soviet Union growing, the Kremlin felt this was the time to present their creations to the world once more. During the 1972 October
 
Revolution Parade, eleven years after the original reveal, 32 Pike weapons were put on public display. Once more would the American expectations of the Soviet relic program be overturned. DARPA (previously ARPA before 1972) reports claimed the Soviets had completely failed to weaponize the Morons, but clearly, they were proven wrong. In Washington, Nixon immediately demanded the primary goal of the US national defense be the development of relic weapons to compete with the Pikes. Furthermore, Nixon would choose to abandon the Vietnamese government in 1973 as the US focus shifted away from Vietnam and towards the relics once more. Following the signing of the Paris Peace Accords/Vietnam Peace Treaty, the Americans would leave Vietnam, and the United States’ sole focus by this time was beating the Soviets in relic weaponry.

Soviet Relic Structure Change 1972-1973
Apart from the successful Pike creations, Soviet relic research continued to decline during the 1970s. This stagnation was believed to be caused by the structure the Soviets used when dealing with matters about relics. The “independent research institute system” with total control by the KGB’s 16th Directorate proved to be detrimental for communication and interaction between relic researchers. With nearly all relic matters going through the same department and group, research would become sluggish due to this command structure. Professor M.J. Syrzrvia, head of Tabasar-B’s production team, made several propositions for reforming the research structure to the 16th Directorate.
Syrzrvia noticed the success the Americans had with their structure and presumed the USSR could benefit from such a system. According to him, the 16th should share its relic research with the Lomonosov State University and only deal with the intelligence work on relics. Syrzrvia’s proposal was looked down upon by the 16th due to their stubbornness and refusal to accept an American-like structure. The research structure would remain as the status quo until May of 1973 during the fallout of the OKB-10 Incident.
 
OKB-10 Incident 1973
OKB-10 was a relic site underneath the Arctic Polar ice cap discovered by the Soviets and was one of the largest and most remote relic sites in the world. On May 12th, 1973, the Lomonosov State University and the KGB’s 16th Directorate had lost communication with the researchers at the site. Due to fears of a possible attack or major disruption, Marines from the Soviet North Fleet were deployed to OKB-10 for a search and rescue operation. When the Marines arrived at the site, they were attacked by an unknown enemy. The rescue team, fortunately, was able to put down the enemy and stabilize the situation, but not for long. Multiple members of the rescue team had begun to show signs of biological degradation, and control of the situation was lost once more. The Soviets would deploy an additional team to OKB-10 to contain what was occurring. This unit was equipped with Class III anti-biochemical gear in the event of hazardous threats for over an hour. As the second team made their way into the site, contact was lost soon after. Despite their equipment, the average life expectancy of the second team was 20 minutes inside the relic site. Further details and information about the OKB-10 incident are lacking, and the exact cause of the incident remains unknown. The identity of the enemy force faced by the Marines remains unknown, but the individuals had probably been converted into ELIDs.

Aurora Completion 1974
For several years, the Americans began to ponder the possibility of a bomber derived from relic research. The plans drafted would detail a high-altitude, high-speed (possibly hypersonic) bomber for swift strategic strikes. The Aurora program began in the late 1960s and the first successful test flight of an Aurora was completed in 1973. As a message of superiority to the Kremlin, the Americans called for a long-range flight of Auroras over the Soviet Union. On May 1st, 1974, the Auroras took off from a runway in the Yukon and began their flight towards Moscow. At precisely 09:00 in the morning, the
 
bombers entered Moscow airspace and shocked the Russians. The Auroras had pierced the Soviet veil of the Iron Curtain and sent a final message that the Americans will not accept being second class in relic technology.

Vietnam 1974-1975
As the Auroras flew over the capital, the Soviets knew the United States was bridging the gap in relic technology. In an indirect response to the flyover, the Kremlin officially backed the North Vietnamese government and supported an invasion of South Vietnam. Additionally, efforts also increased in the development of the Pikes for possible use in the future. By January of 1975, the North Vietnamese forces had taken the Southern capital of Saigon due to a lack of morale and command structure in the South. The North Vietnamese structure was maintained while the forces of the South broke into smaller groups leading to a rapid defeat. Both the Americans and Soviets observed this situation with curiosity. To both nations, it became clear that even with the most powerful weapons, the death of an army could be caused by the lack of command and or the fall of morale. This observation would motivate both into the creation of informational command networks for their militaries.

ARPANET 1975
Following the fall of South Vietnam and its military, the United States and the Soviet Union realized the importance of military informational-command networks. The armies of South Vietnam were divided and broken down due to a lack of morale and a proper command structure, making them easy pickings for the Northern troops. Both superpowers knew having more relic weapons would not matter if their armies lost their structures. Research into informational-based networks had been started years earlier, but the failure of South Vietnam proved those networks would become instrumental in future warfare. Before 1975, ARPA had already designed a network on a smaller scale as early as the late 1960s, and following the fall of South Vietnam, DARPA would pass control of
 
its network, ARPANET, to the US Department of Defense Communication Administration.
ARPANET was an informational command network created by ARPA (later DARPA) for use in the US military. The network did not need a central control node, instead of using a distributed network framework. Network nodes and terminals would be able to share communications data and message packets to other nodes connected to the system. Being a distributed, less-centralized structure, nodes would still be able to share information even if one or multiple network nodes were disabled. This sort of structure would enable those connecting to ARPANET to maintain contact with others even in the event multiple nodes were taken off the network. In addition to military use, DARPA was in the process of creating a framework for an autonomous control system based on ARPANET for the Auroras until 1981. Had the Aurora system been created, it would’ve enabled them to become the perfect drone weapon against the Soviets.

OGAS 1975
The Soviet network was substantially different from the American ARPANET in structure. ARPA had created a less centralized structure, but the Soviets continued to prefer a structure with a chain of command. Viktor Glushkov, Project Tech Director of the Soviet network, saw an increase in support and funding from the Kremlin after the collapse of South Vietnam. Thanks to the additional resources at hand, Glushkov would further continue his efforts. The network was first created during the 1960s and was named the All-State Automated System (OGAS).
As opposed to ARPANET, OGAS was built as a network with a “tree-like” chain of command. Two levels of mainframes existed within this system, superior and subordinate mainframes. In this tree-like layout, superior mainframes had control and oversight over subordinate mainframes. Superiors also would allow subordinate mainframes to communicate with one another. The superiors had complete control of authorization for the lower levels, but the subordinates completely lacked this ability. It
 
would be because of this that one of the main issues with the system would be caused by an event that disabled the superiors. If a superior mainframe was disabled, the subordinates would be rendered useless as they could not change their authorizations or protocols without the superior. Regardless, OGAS would be implemented into the Soviet command structure and remain in use until the 1980s. Like the Americans, the Soviets started to peer into the prospect of applying their network into relic-derived machines and weapons. The National State University’s new objective became the implementation of a Pike command network based on the OGAS system.

Lady Liberty Experiments 1976
For several years, the United States began to experiment with the relic sites themselves. A series of at least eleven experiments known as the “Lady Liberty” experiments were conducted at the D-1 Relic Site at Lake Vostok, Antarctica. These experiments involved four autonomous and seven manned missions through the D-1 “Door.” The primary goal of these tests was to send a small submersible craft beneath Lake Vostok, through the “Door,” and exit in the D-2 Relic Site in Los Alamos, New Mexico. Throughout six of the seven manned missions, five were successful, one failed, nineteen individuals took part, and three participants did not survive. US Army Green Beret Technical Specialist and member of Big Sieve, Gorman Weyland, had been involved in two previous Lady Liberty experiments, and the 7th manned mission would be his third.
During the eleventh test, Weyland entered the submersible and entered through the “Door.” Upon surfacing at D-2, it was clear Weyland had been injured during the mission and was placed into a quarantined decompression room following his arrival. Researchers and medical personnel conducted a physical check upon him to determine his sickness.
Tests confirmed Weyland was in the process of developing an unknown sickness with multiple strange symptoms. The proteins within Weyland’s body were digested with their molecular links beginning to break down possibly due to damage. Connective tissue and
 
amino acids throughout his body were also in the process of breaking down and decomposing. Both the red blood cell count and the blood-oxygen carrying capacity had decreased noticeably. Even his body had begun to age at an unusual rate with his muscle strength in decline. Perhaps the most bizarre condition of all, additional calcification occurred in the body and hardness increased in the skeletal structure. The process within the bones caused them to reach a hardness of 400 Hb (N/mm2), a hardness surpassing steel. After 61 hours since the experiment, Weyland had succumbed to his sickness, and due to the odd nature of the disease and technical limitations of the D-2 staff, Weyland’s cause of death was labeled as radiation sickness. Currently, it’s believed Weyland had been converted into a Type A ELID before his death, but his body was likely not strong enough to undergo the DNA recombination stage of ELID. The death of Gorman Weyland represented the first death on the Americans’ part due to ELID. Despite losing one of their own, the US continued to ignore ELID and its disastrous effects on humanity.

1978-1980
During the late 1970s, both superpowers preferred to keep to themselves, developing relic technology and weapons in secret. By 1978, the first magnetohydrodynamic propulsion system was installed onto a submarine by the Americans, giving them a strategic advantage in the stealth technology of submersibles. And by 1980, three nuclear submarines had this propulsion system implemented.
Meanwhile in the USSR, the National State University continued to design an OGAS-like command system for the Pikes. While the nations built their arms and technology, an ominous situation had been unfolding across the globe. Cases of
Eurosky-Low-Emission-Infectious-Disease (ELID) had skyrocketed but continued to be ignored by both sides. In 1980, over 150,000 had been infected worldwide due to various tests, experiments, and bombings with relics. Over 10,000 people had been killed by ELID in Vietnam alone due to the collapse fluid bombing during the war. Despite knowing the effects of ELID on the population, the US and USSR continued to disregard
 
the growing epidemic. By 1980, regardless of the ELID epidemic, the Soviets were ready for combat trials of the Pikes.

Pike Deployment 1980-1981
Like the Americans, the Soviets knew their relic weapon must be tried in combat to measure its effectiveness. Both the prototype “Morons” and the completed “Pikes” had never been used in live combat and needed to prove their capabilities in the field. As the Soviet-Afghan war continued following the Soviet invasion, the Soviets saw this as the perfect opportunity to test the Pikes. A proposition was made to the General Staff of the Soviet Armed Forces asking for authorization of the combat trial. The General Staff approved the plans on December 5th, 1980, with KGB 16th Directorate head, Mikhail Semenovich Tsvigun, in charge of the operation. Mikhail would later be awarded the Order of the Red Star for his involvement in the operation. The operation was conducted by the 794th Guards Engineering Corp in the following January. In the time leading up to Christmas 1980, four Pikes were flown in a Mi-6 helicopter from the railway hub in Tajikistan to the outskirts of Kabul. The 794th was deployed to Afghanistan on January 2nd, 1981, and began their preparations on the Pikes.
The target of this combat test was a CIA-funded, Mujahideen training camp near Landi Kotal in the Khyber Pass. Once the 794th had completed their checks of the Pike units, the operation was moved to Jalalabad, closer to the border with Pakistan. Final checks and adjustments were made in the evening of January 4th, and the operation would soon begin. At midnight on the 5th, the mission would officially start. Due to the presence of Stinger MANPADS in the Mujahideen’s hands, a limited number of the 794th were forced to stay in Jalalabad for repair and decontamination of the Pikes. A small portion of the 794th would escort and activate the Pikes when close to Landi Kotal. To avoid sounding alarms and drawing too much attention to the trails left by the Pikes, the escort group set off at midnight. At 07:14 local time, the group arrived at the border and
 
awaited the call to begin the assault. The order was given to attack, and the escort team ordered the Pikes’ Emelya-M control busses to move forward.
By 07:30, the Pikes descended the mountains at 32kph towards Landi Kotal (6km away). Fifteen minutes later, the tracks of the Pikes were seen by the guards and the alarm was raised. The Pikes had entered their “Devour” mode and began to attack all targets in sight. Within ten minutes, the four pikes split into teams of two, attacking the camp from two sides at once. Team one flanked the base from the Northern road, and team two continued to push forward from the mountains. By 08:00, the Mujahideen set up a defensive line in preparation for the oncoming force. The Pikes showed no sign of damage or stopping; all attacks, including rockets and machine guns, did nothing against the machines. Within ten minutes of the line forming, both groups of Pikes had broken through the perimeter. The enemy began to fall back to Landi Kotal to prepare heavy resistance. As the Pikes moved closer to Landi Kotal proper, enemy artillery fired upon them. An enemy 105mm howitzer began firing near two of the Pikes with neither receiving any damage. After breaching the camp, anti-tank rockets were fired towards the Pikes to no avail. Additional 60mm to 80mm weapons were fired to no effect against the Pikes. These Pikes seemed to be invincible to small arms and artillery. By 08:30, the camp was destroyed, and the remaining enemy retreated from the village. Within a single hour, the Pikes had descended towards Landi Kotal and took over a base harboring over a thousand enemy soldiers equipped with small arms, rockets, and artillery without suffering any damage whatsoever. The Pikes had won the battle with an overwhelming victory.
Ten minutes after conquering the base, the Pikes met at a rendezvous for extraction. They were placed in their “can” containers and loaded onboard a Mi-6 back to Jalalabad. Upon arriving at Jalalabad half an hour later, the Pikes were offloaded and sent to inspection. Members of the 794th immediately began cleaning excess collapse fluid and checking for leakages on the Pikes during decontamination. Fortunately, none of the Pikes showed any signs of damage or major fluid leakage. With the conclusion of the
 
Pike combat trial, they had proven themselves to be a formidable force with substantial resistance.
Following the retrieval of the Pikes after the assault, multiple MiG-25 aircraft traveled from Kandahar in the South to Landi Kotal for reconnaissance and multiple images were taken from the jets showing the disastrous aftermath of the assault. As the Pikes traveled, they left 8-meter wide scorch marks as trails. Furthermore, multiple objects seemed to shimmer within the trails themselves which are believed to be a glaze. The ores within the ground had melted into a glaze, something possible when the temperature surpasses a thousand degrees celsius. Taking this into account, it is believed that the Pike units operate at exceptionally high temperatures. As the Pikes moved throughout the area, objects in their path, including half of a house, had been destroyed. In accordance with observations at the Tabasar-B facility, the Pikes caused objects in its path to be “collapsed” down into elementary particles. All organic matter vanished from view, no survivors had been found, and the camp had been reduced to rubble. Taking all of this into account, a solid explanation can be formed on the working of a Pike in combat. A Pike unit uses collapse fluid within itself to create a “force field” around it. All matter that comes into contact with the force field begins to break down into elemental states. This reaction generates a significant amount of heat, likely causing the glaze and scorch marks on the ground. When knowledge of the capabilities of Pikes reached NATO, they knew small arms and artillery were useless, and armored units might prove ineffective as well. If the Pikes were to be ever used in war, NATO’s only option was nuclear. However, if nuclear arms were used, the Pikes would be the least of the world’s problems.

ELID Crisis 1980-1981
By 1980, over 150,000 people were infected with ELID worldwide. Due to the American collapse fluid bombing, over 10,000 in Vietnam had been infected as the radiation spread. ELID was introduced in the Middle East and Central Asia following the
 
Pike deployment in the Khyber Pass. An additional 50,000 individuals would be infected from 1980 to 1981. 5000 of this newly infected group were successfully converted into ELIDs, and mutations across the globe increased. ELID was a death sentence for all those who contracted it because of the lack of knowledge on its infection vectors and known treatments against it. Furthermore, several nations created special units to combat the infected to little avail due to a lack of experience and technology. Due to the mutations and varied conditions of the infected, much of the existing combat data against ELIDs was considered void. As the full scale of the epidemic was realized, the superpowers knew the problem was unavoidable.
ELID had proven itself to be a serious foe to the well-being of humanity, and could no longer be ignored. The United States and the Soviet Union would come to a bipartisan decision to curb the ELID crisis. With assistance from the World Health Organization and the Vatican, secret meetings known as the Dresden Accords/Convention would take place in Dresden, Germany to discuss the matter. During the discussions, both nations revealed their relic weapons and technology to one another, and it was clear that the use of relic weapons lead to the rise of ELID. The superpowers knew the use of such weapons would inevitably lead to humanity’s demise. In late 1981, the Relic Arms Limitation Treaty was ratified during the Dresden Accords for the safety of the world.
The conditions of the agreement included the halting of all relic research temporarily and the dismantling of all active relic weapons. The discussion would continue until 1983 on how to curb ELID with the development of vaccines.

Geneva Gazette 1983
During the ELID epidemic, unity between nations was proven to be the only saving grace to halt crises. To assist in containing ELID and reducing the chances of a second relic arms race, leaders Yuri Andropov and Ronald Reagan announced the Geneva Gazette. On July 1st, 1983, the Geneva Gazette would bring an end to the 35-year-old conflict between the nations. With the end of the Cold War, tensions would cool across
 
the globe, and research for an ELID vaccine would continue. The official Geneva Gazette declaration was as follows:

“We hereby declare the end of an era, an era known as the Cold War, an era where two sides took part in total military, economic, and political conflict against each other. In the face of this global danger that rises beyond race and nations, both sides have chosen to set aside their prejudices and ideologies. We will, and we have to unite to ensure the continuation of the human race. It is with that spirit that both sides now sign this gazette.”

Yuri Vladimirovich Andropov Ronald Wilson Reagan

A new age of peace and unity had begun between the previous hostile nations, with a newfound focus on stopping ELID and the continuation of humanity. Following the Dresden talks and the Geneva Gazette, many relic technologies and armaments would be destroyed or sealed away. Despite the agreements, both sides knew Pandora’s Box for relics had already been opened and the only thing preventing someone from taking over or destroying the world was goodwill. On the Soviet side, the Pikes, and technology relating to them, were sealed in storage throughout the Soviet Union to prevent theft or use. The Pikes were stored in multiple OKB facilities across Eastern Europe and Central Asia, where they still reside to this day. KGB 16th Directorate Head, Mikhail Tsvigun, assisted the conversion of the OGAS network from military to economic use. The new system would come to be known as the “National Economy Automation System” with the purpose of economic management of the Soviet economy founded on earth sciences. Additionally, the United Nations Medical Research Institute was created in the Falkland Islands and became the largest experimental facility after the Soviet Gulag relic facility.

Der Zauberberg
 
The 1970s-1980s
For several years, the 90Wunsch organization in East Germany continued its work at Urkunde-01 and the Electronic Surveillance Center. The organization had detected a massive NATO radio surveillance center in West Germany sometime during the 1970s.
This “Berlin Ground Station'' was located near West Berlin on top of a mountain named Der Zauberberg, and was exceptionally powerful. According to 90Wunsch’s predictions, the station’s surveillance system could track, jam, and alter all radio signals in and out of the Warsaw Pact including internal military command channels. Thanks to 90Wunsch’s surveillance center, Der Zauberberg was discovered and eventually infiltrated electronically.
With the NATO intelligence system breached, the East Germans slowly began to covertly take over operations of the facility. At first, they were able to send false information and stop actual information to Zauberberg but could not send fake orders to NATO command. Thanks to State Security radio espionage groups, radio specialists were able to break through and electronically take over Zauberberg. For a decade, the East Germans were the true heads of the facility and began a major campaign of electronic warfare and counterintelligence against NATO. Vast amounts of false information were sent to Zauberberg and eventually Washington until after the German reunification in 1985.
After the Relic Arms Limitation Treaty was signed during the ELID crisis, 90Wunsch would disband and many members would be splintered between NATO, the Soviets, and the UN. When the East and West unified in 1985, much of 90Wunsch’s information was handed off or destroyed. For Markus Wolf, one of his final wishes was a possible economic system like OGAS to help the deteriorating East German economy.

The Late 1980s
With the signing of the Relic Arms Treaty and the Geneva Gazette, hostilities of the past were thrown out and replaced with an age of unity. The rising threat of ELID across the globe proved to be a formidable foe that could only be combated with the
 
combined efforts of united nations. By the end of the decade, both sides were actively researching treatment and vaccine options for the disease. Many countries created special task forces to combat ELID such as the SCAPF (Special Circumstances Armed Police Force) in China.
In the Soviet Union, the OGAS system would manage the economy for a few years before being shut down near the end of the decade. Due to the loss of support from the parent OGAS, issues developed while trying to install upgrades for the demilitarization of peripheral systems. Due to the upgrade issue, ELID crisis, and the oil collapse at the time, the OGAS system became inefficient and led to various economic and political problems across the nation. Despite the issues of the OGAS system and the ongoing ELID epidemic, KGB 16th Directorate Head Mikhail continued his involvement in the project and supported the idea of the system being accessible for citizens. Both Mikhail and the Communist Party concluded OGAS could prove an instrumental tool for revisioning political structures, economic efficient planning, and the management of resources.

1991
Sweeping shifts in the global order would occur during 1991. After almost ten years since the signing of the Relic Arms Limitation Treaty, it would be expanded into the Relic Technology Convention. On March 31st, 1991, the United Nations would reform the Treaty into the Relic Convention with support from the US and USSR which would lead to significant changes in how relics were studied and used. Additionally, the UN would begin plans for a new agency to deal with relics and sites.
Due to widespread political divide and unrest, the Soviet Union was crumbling. Mikhail Tsvigun tried everything he could to back up the OGAS system before it went offline and was thrown into storage following the Relic Convention. The Soviet Union would lower its flag on the 19th of August, 1991, following the coup attempt. As the Union fractured, Russian oligarchs and investors put all relic matters to the side during the consolidation of power. Mikhail and the 16th Directorate rapidly became obsolete,
 
and the OGAS system was sealed away permanently. It would not be until 1999 after Vladimir Putin became the Prime Minister that relic matters returned in their importance to Russia.

United Nations Relic Agency 1992
Soon after the signing of the Relic Technology Convention, the United Nations began drafting plans for a new agency specifically for managing relics and relic weapons. On March 2nd, 1992, the UNRA (United Nations Relic Agency) was founded with the main purpose of halting the development and manufacture of relic weapons in all nations. Additional goals for the UNRA include disposing of current relic weapons, utilizing relic technology for peaceful means that improve humanity, and achieving justice, freedom, and equality for all of mankind. The UNRA’s founding motto became “Building peace in the minds of men and women,” and the charter’s ideal stated, “Since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of men that the defenses of peace must be constructed.”
It became the duty of all nations to control, protect, and utilize relic technology for peaceful means. The head of the agency would be known as the Chief Director, and all those in the agency would deal with relic matters across the globe from D-1 to Beilan Island. One of the most important figures in recent history, Raeder Albert Rossartre, would later become the Chief Director, and his teachings and influences throughout his life would give rise to the ideology known as Rossartrism in Europe.

Pandora 1992
On September 11th, 1992, multiple terrorist attacks took place in Moscow and New York, but the exact methods and intensity are unknown. Following the attacks, a radical anti-relic organization named Pandora openly declared responsibility for the attacks. According to them, “The urge to steal fire is mankind’s original sin.”
 
Black Lily and White Rose Project 1992-?
Following the formation of the UNRA, many relic researchers and scientists showed interest in making contact with the relics. The GAVIRUL was pulled out of storage in 1992, and the relic scientific community was divided on how the GAVIRUL would be used for relic research. Due to a lack of structure and leadership, the community was split into two groups. The first group believed the specimen was the “key” to activating the relics and unlocking further development and reproduction of various relic-based technologies. On the other hand, the second group supported the creation of human-GAVIRUL hybrids to understand the dangers of the relic civilization. Additionally, these beings would theoretically have the ability to interact with the relics. Due to political structure issues within the UN and the scientific community, the latter group received the majority of support.
The cultivation of embryos began right away, but due to the instability of the genes, the survivability of the embryos was very low with a 98.9% mortality rate. By the end of the reproduction project, only two embryos survived the test, both being female to preserve chromosomal completeness. The surviving subjects had different appearances due to a difference in the egg cells used. By the end of the development cycle, the first two successful GAVIRUL hybrids had been created.
Observation Subject G-37 was of Caucasoid descent with a genetic deficiency causing the growth of white hair, and Observation Subject G-114 was of Mongoloid descent with black hair and no genetic abnormalities. During infancy, the two were indistinguishable from normal infant girls, and G-37 and G-114 were named Rose and Lily, respectively. The research institute would name the program the “Black Lily and White Rose'' project after the girls. When the pair became 7-years-old, an anomaly had already been observed in their development. They had aged twice as fast as humans with both being around the age of 14. By the 15th year of the project, neither girl showed any unusual characteristics apart from a somewhat stronger muscular strength and increased prefrontal cortex activity. The GAVIRUL Reproduction Project was labeled a failure past
 
the 20th year due to neither individual presenting any ability to interact with relics. Backup embryo samples and reports were sealed away into storage, and project funding was redirected towards the Weight-Bearing conformal external assistance system. The Weight-Bearing system would later evolve into the Assault-Artillery platform for use against ELID.
The lives and whereabouts of Lily and Rose were lost to time, but according to fragmented accounts, the pair may have been involved in anti-ELID operations before the First Beilan Island Incident in 2030. Due to a lack of evidence, nothing proves the girls had or had not been involved to some degree in the Beilan Incident.

The Relic Bubble 1999-2001
With the signing of the Geneva Gazette in 1983 and the flag of the Soviet Union falling by August of 1991, the Cold War came to a complete close. Domination of the military, economies, and relics shifted entirely into NATO’s hands. The world continued as normal throughout the 1990s without much issue. However, as a new millennium was starting, the globe was faced with its first test. In 1999, the relic bubble had begun and the world was forced to search for alternative solutions to the growing economic crisis.
As the bubble burst in 1999, a worldwide financial crisis began. Companies and economies across the world struggled to keep production and labor costs low or else face collapse. Industries had two choices: cut production costs as low as possible or find a technological breakthrough to improve the means of production. Interestingly, the Russian Federation faced almost no issue during the bubble due to early action by the newly elected President Vladimir Putin. Putin was sworn in on August 10th, 1999, and the following day he immediately requested former KGB 16th Directorate Director, Mikhail Semenovich Tsvigun, to visit his office to discuss relic matters. The exact contents of this conversation are unknown, but the ramifications of the talk likely helped
 
Russia prepare for the relic bubble. Unlike the other nations of the world, Russia was ready to take the industrial lead during the crisis.
During the bubble, the economic damage was severe on unprepared nations. Industries and companies suffered if they could not lower production costs or make breakthroughs. In Kiev, research and development of industrial-grade machine tools and robotic appendages were underway as a way to lower production costs. While the Russian products made by this method were not as high quality as those made in Western Europe or the United States, the methods were significantly cheaper. Russia gained the edge over the competition thanks to their industrial machinery, and other nations began to follow suit. Industry across the globe shifted to automation for the economic benefits.
While the West and Japan ridiculed Russia during the relic bubble for not negotiating in trade, Russia continued to pull forward as the head economically. The relic bubble and financial crisis came to a close sometime in 2001.

2001-2021
The following twenty years remained as normal, with little written about the history of the time. In 2012, Mikhail Tsvigun finally retired from his relic work in Russia. While no longer involved directly with relics, he was not completely unconnected with relic matters in Europe. He knew he lacked a successor, one that could carry his knowledge and foresight into the next generation of relic researchers and scientists.

The 2020s
As a new decade dawned, industrial technology and innovations were underway across the globe. Automation became commonplace in factories, CNC tools were introduced, and industrial robots had their beginnings during this time. Human-like and multi-legged robots were in their infantile development phases, lacking any real funding due to their riskier nature for production. Apart from industrial innovations, humanity
 
would once again gain interest in relics on a large scale following the discovery of the greatest secret under the Antarctic ice.

2022-2023
During an academic conference at the Poznan University in Poland, Mikhail Tsvigun discussed relic matters with the attendees and the audience. Almost by fate, one of the audience members listening to Tsvigun speak asked him a question about ternary logic research. As the event came to a close, the audience member approached Tsvigun with various information and data about the Khyber Pass Pike operation in 1981. Using only publicly available information, this individual was able to piece together a vague understanding of the events of January 5th, 1981. Tsvigun, the man behind the Soviet operation was stunned by the individual’s knowledge. The individual introduced himself as Viktor Pavlovich Zelinsky, a university mathematics student. It was at this exact moment a long-lasting friendship was founded between the two; one as close as father and son. The relationship between the man with vast troves of knowledge and the other with intense political ambitions had the power to change the direction of nations.

The Antarctic Hollow 2023-2029
In 2023, a massive anomaly was found beneath the Antarctic polar ice cap. Upon excavation, an enormous hollow was revealed and was confirmed to be the largest relic site ever found. Experts in the field of relic research across the globe had their focus solely on the hollow. A research conference sometime in 2023 was held with some of the most prestigious and intelligent individuals in the relic field in preparation for a major development of the hollow. United Nations Relic Agency Director, Raeder Albert Rossartre, met Mikhail Tsvigun during the conference, with Tsvigun offering many useful recommendations for Rossartre for the hollow investigation.
 
With major scientific and financial backing from scientists and civilians, the investigation and development of the site began in 2025. All workers at the site were augmented to help withstand the effects of ELID (Eurosky Low Emission Infectious Disease) and outfitted with weight-bearing conformal external assistance systems to increase their efficiency. On top of the precautions already taken by the UNRA, the site, in general, was favorable to the staff due to the layout of the hollow. The layout of the facility, as well as the precautions taken, made ELID almost a non-issue at the site. By 2029, the Antarctic Hollow had been developed into a base complex larger than any other relic facility on Earth. Large financial capital from the UN Security Council enabled the facility to construct eight ports for ships that displaced over 100,000 tonnes of water and five landing strips. Additionally, the facility could sustain 10,000 workers for long periods if needed. Research and development of the Antarctic Hollow Base would continue throughout the 2030s, and would ultimately close its doors to the world before World War III.

Prelude Beilan Island 2030
Beilan Island is a place of important value in relic matters and world history. The island lies near the coast of Shanghai, China. The Beilan Island Relic Site lay hidden underneath the surface of the island itself and was discovered sometime between the 1950s to 1962. One of the most valuable findings from the site was the “GAVIRUL” specimen found 67 meters below the ground in 1962. The GAVIRUL is currently believed to be an intelligent member of the species and is akin to a “guardian” of the Beilan relics. The GAVIRUL was locked away in storage until the GAVIRUL Reproduction Project in 1992. Soon after finding the specimen, the relic site was locked away because it was believed to have lacked any further research value and was contained deep underground.
 
As urbanization continued in Shanghai during the 1970s, the relic site was entirely built over by the city itself, covering up the original entrance to the site. The relic site remained dormant for many years until the next millennium. Due to the destructive exploration of the site in the 1960s, collapse fluid contained in crystal capsule containers leaked out in small amounts, which contaminated the facility. As Shanghai grew larger, construction on Beilan Island led to a leak of the radioactive particles underneath the city. Underground construction caused the outer layer of the site to be damaged, allowing an avenue for the trapped collapse fluid particles to escape. Radiation eventually seeped to the surface, infecting multiple people with ELID along the way. City government officials ignored the rising threat by not reporting the issue to superiors, but when ELID infectees began to cause violent crimes, Chinese peacekeeping forces (Special Circumstances Armed Police Force) stepped in to review the situation. Following the SCAPF’s involvement, Beilan Island was quarantined from the rest of the city. Due to the quarantine, instances and problems of ELID began to decline, leading to the lockdown level and security being reduced over several months. A lack of supervision of the quarantine zone would eventually lead to a breach of security on January 17th, 2030. The day the world came to a grinding halt.

The First Beilan Island Incident January 17th, 2030
During the afternoon of January 17th, 2030, seven middle school-aged children had broken into the Beilan Island Relic Site located near the city of Shanghai, China.
Soon after entering the quarantined area, the children came under attack by ELID infected. Four members of the SCAPF were called upon to mount a rescue operation within the zone. The SCAPF was equipped with police-issued Assault Artillery-03D units for assistance during the rescue. During the mission, cameras mounted on the units captured the chain of events that would lead to the point of no return. As the SCAPF secured the children, the group came in contact with multiple infected, and the severity of
 
the threat at that time was unknown. Several minutes later, the AA-03D units’ cameras captured footage of the fireteam rigging explosive charges near the entrance of the site to contain the ELIDs and prevent further breaches. At precisely 15:17 Chinese Standard Time, the charges detonated, causing the walls of the room to collapse inward. As the walls fell, cameras captured exposed collapse fluid leaking from the site, and the compression of the fluid caused an extreme rise in heat around it. Within moments, a significant detonation occurred, and this would soon become the most devastating event in human history.
In the moments following the detonation at the relic site, an eruption of untold magnitude transpired. Within seconds of the initial explosion, the entire city at Beilan Island was immediately vaporized. All signs of life in the area were instantly atomized from the effects, and the topsoil was vitrified outward in mid-air forming enormous crystal-like structures. According to Chinese authorities, the cities of Shanghai, Suzhou, Wuxi, and Nantong were reduced to rubble soon after. Although relic explosions do not act like conventional nuclear weapons, the total magnitude of the destruction would suggest a staggering yield. It’s estimated the explosion was upwards of ten gigatons of TNT; the equivalent of 200 Soviet Tsar Bombas detonating all at once. Ten minutes after the chaos began, at 15:27 local time, a tremor was felt over a thousand kilometers away in the city of Hong Kong, according to Mr. Raeder Rossartre’s audio logs. At the time, Rossartre was in a conference over relic sites but was disrupted by the tremor from Shanghai. The initial cause of the tremor was believed to be an earthquake; however, Rossartre and members of the Chinese government had soon realized a cataclysmic event had occurred in the region. Around 16:00, the full scale of the disaster had just begun to reveal itself with the worst being yet to come.
At 16:00 local time, Mr. Rossartre came into contact with the Beijing office of the UNRA (United Nations Relic Agency) for a briefing on the situation currently unfolding on the eastern seaboard. It was at this time the UNRA confirmed reports of tens of thousands of tons of collapse fluid being ejected from the Beilan site. Images taken from satellites revealed a significant cloud of collapse fluid had been launched into the
 
atmosphere. Strong winds pushed the cloud northwest into the path of several major Chinese cities. As the collapse fluid fell upon the Earth, an area of over a million square kilometers from Shanghai to Beijing became an irradiated zone. Around 16:30 the entire region became a red zone with no chance of survival in between.
Additionally, over a hundred crystal capsules of collapse fluid had been flung with the explosion. These containers had their propulsion systems activated, and when the explosion flung them, they breached the outer layer of the atmosphere and would soon fall across the Eurasian and Pan-Pacific regions. Several of the containers fell in Central Asia and the Middle East and caused widespread irradiated zones to form across those regions. Many lives and industries were lost when the radiation from Beilan seeped into Siberia, with a considerable portion of Russian land becoming inhospitable. Within less than two hours since the initial detonation, an apocalyptic scenario was cast upon the world.
In the immediate aftermath of the Beilan Incident, many Chinese cities began preparations for mass evacuation efforts. With the impending cloud of collapse fluid descending upon the seaboard, citizens and government members retreated into bunkers for protection. In Beijing, multiple leaders and officials took cover in the bunkers in the event the city was devastated. Over a million response units and volunteers were deployed to assist with the evacuation efforts of millions. Had these people not done what they did, the death toll could’ve been significantly higher than it already was. As the threat of the radiation was shown in cities between Shanghai and Beijing, government officials were immediately evacuated to Xi’an, a city not affected by the radiation at that time.
In the city of Hong Kong, looting had already occurred by 17:30 that evening. Despite being outside the irradiated region, the citizens began to fight one another for rations of food and water. The full extent of the chaos in Hong Kong is unknown; however, it came to the point where the city had to enforce a curfew on the entire area starting at 18:00, and only officials with permits were allowed to move throughout the city. As the lockdown went into effect, the government restricted communications and
 
networks throughout the city to prevent the dissemination of misinformation. Communication between individuals in and out of the city was limited at this point. Although no records exist of other cities’ situations, it can likely be inferred several others had descended into similar situations as well. According to records by Mr.
Rossartre, he was able to escape the country only after obtaining special permission thanks to the UNRA.
Throughout the next 24 hours, the world was awoken by the events in China, and massive relief and evacuation efforts were undertaken. As days passed, the effects of the collapse fluid cloud and crystal capsules became more severe across the Asian continent. Cases of ELID drastically increased in the regions of China, Japan, Siberia, the Korean peninsula, and Central Asia. The world was faced with the fact that in the span of a few short days, the largest loss of life in human history had taken place.

The Fallout of the Beilan Incident January 2030
In the immediate aftermath of Beilan island, the world order began to shift dramatically. The collapse radiation contaminated much of Asia from Beilan to Siberia, killing hundreds of millions in days from ELID. According to files released by the Chinese government, over 400,000,000 people were lost in the first hour from the explosion, shockwave, burns, and or ELID symptoms. While an official death count would be impossible, estimates from China bring the death toll upwards of 870,000,000 people. As the cloud spread across the nation, winds blew parts of the cloud towards the Korean peninsula. Collapse fluid fell on the Koreas causing significant casualties and contamination. In addition to the almost nine hundred million lost, over ten million Koreans were killed from radiation and ELID symptoms. Death counts from Southern Japan were unaccounted for as no records show the amount killed during the incident.

Tension in the Korean Peninsula
 
February 2030
Tensions between North and South Korea were already high before the Beilan Incident, but the devastation caused by it only further fueled the flames. The United Nations ordered the creation of a safe zone in South Korea for refugees. In a joint UNRA-US military program, multiple barriers and habitable zones for survivors were created thanks to the US Army’s relic research. The new safe zones were able to house over a million survivors, but strangely, North Korea stayed silent about the disaster.
Footage from American aerial reconnaissance revealed the tunnels underneath the North Korean mountains in the far north were an excellent safe zone that likely housed over five million North Koreans. Interestingly, there was not a single refugee from the North of the Military Demarcation Line into South Korean safe zones. Rather this was an act of the North Korean government stepping in to stop its citizens from fleeing to the South or something else, would remain a mystery until 2032.

The Second Korean War March 3rd, 2030
As tensions flared up between the nations after Beilan, North Korea seemed to be acting irrationally when it came to the discussion of helping survivors. For some absurd reason, North Korea seemed to be preventing its people from escaping across the MDL. The situation in Korea would boil over on March 3rd when North Korean artillery began firing on the Southern capital, Seoul. During the shelling, many Northern troops and civilians moved through prepared underground tunnels across the 38th Parallel, coming out to start the assault. The Korean Peninsula was the first of several to fall to war in the fallout of Beilan Island.
The full truth behind the war was laid behind a veil of secrecy and corruption until 2032 during a Congressional hearing about the Beilan Incident Investigation. Many witnesses would testify against the US President, claiming he had ordered a secret full military lockdown of the MDL. This lockdown would prevent all North Korean refugees
 
from entering the South unless the North accepted stringent demands from the United States. It is because of this that North Korea’s seemingly irrational behavior after Beilan was a consequence of American influence over their nation. North Korea was already in a state of collapse, but the American demands only further pushed them over the edge. This culminated in the North Korean military beginning a full attack on South Korea and thus starting another war. The outcome of this war left the already devastated Korean peninsula in a state of total disrepair. South Koreans in refugee camps would be forsaken in the zones, and the ones that somehow were able to escape to the safe zone in Busan would be put down by security due to possible ELID infection.

Refugee Movements in Japan March-April 2030
Following the Incident, much of China and the Koreas greatly suffered from the effect of collapse fluid contamination; however, in Japan, the situation was quite different. Thanks to the distance from Beilan Island, much of Japan was outside of the yellow or red zones with the Northern regions having little to no contamination whatsoever. The island of Hokkaido was almost completely unaffected by any radiation and made for a perfect shelter for fleeing refugees. The only region hit directly with contamination was the Kansai region in South-Central Japan. The Kanto region suffered from minor contamination from the coastline. The situation in Japan could have been much worse had the Far East winds and Kuroshio Current not pushed the collapse fluid in another direction.
As the days passed throughout early spring, Tokyo was being converted into a massive refugee facility for survivors. The low amounts of radiation made it far easier for the UNRA to operate in the area. The UNRA installed radiation shielding in several large skyscrapers for refugee settlements. The safe zone in Tokyo was considerably larger with the help of the Japanese government, UNRA, and the political circumstances at the time. Between the radiation-shielded buildings and the subway tunnels beneath the city, the
 
Tokyo Zone was a place of relative normalcy for survivors. By April, the safe zone accompanied over 1.2 million survivors from the nation. The Tokyo zone would become a standard model for the UNRA. Tides would slowly shift in Japan due to the growing presence of US military personnel. The US government requested the Japanese government to allow the US military to station themselves in Hokkaido to maintain a presence and deterrence in East Asia. The Japanese government themselves had relocated to Hokkaido and allowed the US to station troops, but this only led to more space being taken that could’ve housed survivors.

Refugee Crisis in Hokkaido May 2030
When May arrived, the URNA and Japanese government continued to introduce more refugees into the Tokyo safe zone. The safe zone would be officially changed to the Tokyo Protected Zone on May 2nd to bring more people in. Additionally, the UNRA asked the Japanese government to move many of the Tokyo survivors into the clean zones in Hokkaido. The plan for the mass movement of TPZ survivors into Hokkaido launched discussions within the government’s cabinet. The first wave of opposition began slowly but grew continuously amongst Hokkaido officials. According to Director Rossartre’s own beliefs, the movement of refugees was the only way to prevent Japan from fracturing and collapsing into unrest. Finally, on the 10th of May, the government issued the order for the railway department to begin the movement of TPZ refugees into Hokkaido through the Seikan Tunnel under the Tsugaru Strait.
As refugees began to enter Hokkaido, locals grew increasingly against the movement. The first major protest against resettlement occurred on May 15th in the capital of Sapporo. While the protest remained non-violent, it stood as a sign to the Japanese that thoughts were shifting about the refugee plan. Many refugees began to face discrimination in Hokkaido as public opinion slowly morphed. Throughout the following week, the resettlement continued with little resistance besides protests. This would come
 
to a stop on the 23rd of May when the anti-intake factions of the government revealed themselves.
The United Nations met on May 17th to discuss the Japanese government and TPZ survivors. As the meeting was closing, the UN was becoming opposed to the US military presence in Hokkaido. The US Representative knew the Assembly would rule against the garrison, so the US government chose to begin involving themselves further in the Japanese situation. US Marines at Wake Island were issued orders to prepare for a possible intervention in Japan within the next few days. US Pacific Command informed the anti-refugee intake factions of the Japanese government on May 19th of their plans, and the factions started to prepare for a chance to take over the government. During the next two days, debates in the Japanese Cabinet were reaching their peak between the factions. On the 22nd, fifteen minutes before the Cabinet meeting began, a US Pacific Command official joined the meeting. Thanks to the support by the USPACOM official, the anti-intake factions of the cabinet were able to gain the edge over the situation.
On May 23rd, the Japanese Cabinet announced to the UNRA a statement made by a Marine Colonel from the US at the Yokohama AFB. The message was short but straight to the point, stating, “We will be temporarily discontinuing the intake of survivors, pending further discussion by the Japanese diet over the matter.” Later that night, the UN General Assembly conducted an emergency meeting. The General Assembly concluded that saving those remaining in the TPZ was imperative to the stability and rebuilding of the nation, but in the end, the Japanese government chose to bar millions of survivors from safety. A coup was developing from within.

The Coup of Japan May 2030
Following the Cabinet’s directive towards the UNRA, the Cabinet gave the US Marines authorization to enforce the directive throughout the entire government.
Panicked by the dramatic action, the UNRA immediately declared an emergency in the
 
TPZ and requested a meeting with the NYC UN HQ. The intervention of the US Military in the internal Japanese situation was unacceptable and a clear threat to the refugee plan. The UN Security Council and the General Assembly met on the night of the 23rd and unanimously agreed against US intervention in Japan. Interestingly, the Japanese Representative testified in favor of the US when they denied any intervention by the US. According to the representative, the Japanese government had requested assistance from the US in preventing a scenario that would result in the instability of Japan.
Following the assembly meeting, the Japanese anti-intake Cabinet requested the US Marines to conduct raids against pro-intake members and dissidents within the Cabinet. Those arrested were charged with crimes of “endangering and destroying the Japanese Constitution,” and by 8 am on the 24th, the Japanese Cabinet had been reformed with anti-intake members. The complete shift in political thinking within the Cabinet would put an immediate end to any discussion in favor of the refugee plan, and the Americans would now have a new garrison within the region. The UN Security Council was left at a standstill due to the Japanese representative denying any American involvement and the complete change in government within the Cabinet. The UN could do nothing to stop what was occurring in Tokyo. Later that evening, US Marines were flown into Narita airport and driven to the UNRA HQ in Setagaya. Upon arriving, the UNRA would be given its final directive by the Marines.
Around midnight, the UNRA was offered two options: all UNRA staff must leave Japan within the next six hours or all aircraft would be barred from leaving the island of Honshu. Those remaining in the TPZ would be cut off from the outside world with communications to and from the Zone severed. The Marines blew the Seikan Tunnel linking to Hokkaido, and the US Navy’s 3rd Fleet issued a total lockdown of the Tsugaru Strait. At the same time, the Cabinet declared the UNRA to be a national security threat and allowed the US military to stage a takeover of the Agency using lethal force if met with resistance.
Many in the UNRA maintained their commitment to helping the survivors including the head of the TPZ, Sato Mayuka. When the Marines gave the ultimatum, she
 
refused to comply, resulting in a Marine Colonel shooting her in the leg. A massacre of the agency was avoided when members of the NYC HQ on behalf of Sato stepped in to defuse the situation. The UNRA HQ accepted the terms of the ultimatum and ordered all of their staff to leave the country. Upon surrendering, the UNRA were mounted on board of trucks and sent to Narita airport for removal. By 7 am on May 25th, the UNRA had been removed from Japan, and a no-fly zone was put in place over Tokyo airspace under the supervision of US naval aviation. Despite the mass removal of UNRA members, some stayed behind in secret as a final act of defiance. One of these members was Raeder Albert Rossartre.

Unrest and Rioting in the Zone May 2030
Following the removal of the UNRA and the lockdown of the TPZ, residents of the Zone were faced with the reality that no one was coming to save them. Hatred against the government grew fiercely in the minds of the survivors. Their government had left them to die and had removed the only ones who were helping them. In response to the realization, thousands of survivors took to the streets to begin looting shopping centers for resources. Many of them would form into large groups based on the area they were living in and stockpiled food and fuel together. As a contingency against possible group conflicts, many of the TPZ groups created weapons to defend themselves. Chaos quickly arose within the Zone leading to a larger conflict between groups. The bloodiest of these occurred at Tokyo Station between a numerous Kansai group and other factions. Over 20,000 men engaged in the melee, and by the third day, over 10,000 were dead.
Defending yourself with numbers became the status quo across the Zone regardless of faction.
The only remaining order within the TPZ became the remnants of the JSDF in the region following the UNRA and Rossartre’s command. Even those most willing to defend Japan were cast out and ignored by their government. Rossartre was able to
 
escape the eruption of violence in Tokyo thanks to a JSDF escort. When the escort arrived at JGSDF Camp Mishuku somewhere in the Eastern Military Region, some communications equipment was still functional. JSDF in contact with a JSDF recon team in Kansai reported back a momentous discovery. While searching for survivors in the Kansai region, the recon team found a young girl in Nagoya who they believe was immune to ELID.

Kawasaki Kazusa May 2030
The discovery of an immune individual in Nagoya would be more valuable than gold. Up to this point, no human being was known to be immune to collapse radiation. In many instances, contracting ELID would spell a death sentence for the victim. If the immune person could be saved, a vaccine could be synthesized to end further ELID infections. For Rossartre and the remaining JSDF, saving this girl was of utmost importance.
To save the girl and the JSDF recon team in Nagoya, Rossartre formed a group of JSDF, UNRA staff, and himself to travel towards the recon team. As the group made its way towards the location, rumors about the girl’s immunity were spreading throughout the Kansai region. Some saw her as a holy miracle sent down to save the survivors while others viewed her as the possible cause for their “divine judgment.” The recon team protecting the girl was faced with waves of survivors wanting her dead and began to engage in a violent battle. Before being overrun by the rioters, a small team of JSDF fled with the girl into the Shizuoka mountains. By the time Rossartre’s group arrived, many of the fleeing JSDF team were suffering from acute symptoms of ELID. Without protective equipment, the team was left for dead on those mountains. Despite the loss of the team, the immune individual had survived the siege and had been found by Rossartre.
Kawasaki Kazusa was a 16-year-old high school student at the time of the Beilan Incident. On the 17th, Kazusa was directly exposed to the collapse radiation and was
 
knocked out cold. When she awoke, she had maintained all motor functions and senses. While in Nagoya, she survived by eating rations taken from stores in the area. She was discovered by the JSDF while on a search for food and was taken back to the base. After returning, the news was announced to the JSDF Camp Mishuku, and the rescue team was sent. With the girl rescued, the new objective became extracting the girl to safety away from Japan.

The Escape from Japan June 2030
Following the rescue of Kazusa from Nagoya, Rossartre and the JSDF brought her back to Camp Mishuku. Keeping the girl alive was the top priority of everyone involved, and an escape from Japan was deemed necessary. Rossartre explained the importance and plan to Kazusa, acknowledging her fear of possibly becoming a lab rat for vaccine development. Despite the possible costs of such experimentation, Kazusa in the end chose to side with Rossartre. She could become the catalyst to save the planet from ELID, but unfortunately, that never occurred.
Taking information from a Russian man in the Camp, Rossartre decided an escape to the Russian Far East was the best course of action. The plan called for Rossartre and Kazusa to flee to the coastal city of Niigata where they would find a boat to take them into the Sea of Japan where they would hopefully rendezvous with a Russian Navy vessel. Following contact with the Russians through unjammed channels, Rossartre and Kazusa began preparations for the journey. Members of the UNRA recommended using a Load-Bearer unit or a protected vehicle to traverse the contaminated zones. Soon after finalizing the plan, information leaked from the Camp to the surrounding region. One of the JSDF servicemen at the Camp informed the Kansai and Kanto region groups about Kazusa.
The surviving groups marched towards Camp Mishuku upon hearing the news. On June 19th, the two factions conducted a pincer attack from the North and South of the
 
camp, forcing Rossartre to begin his escape plan immediately. Knowing the camp lacked the rations and ammunition to hold off the invading factions, the JSDF held off the groups to open an escape route for Rossartre. At 21:30 he took Kazusa into an armored vehicle with him and began driving towards Niigata. The JSDF camp had quickly been overrun by the sieging faction and burned to the ground soon after. Members of the surviving factions using their vehicles chased the pair during the escape. As the pair attempted to escape the pursuing vehicles, Kazusa was hit by a stray round. It is unknown when she had succumbed to her wounds, but by the time they had made it on the water, she was already gone.
Around mid-June, Moscow was alerted by a communication from within the Tokyo Protected Zone. This was the communication made by Rossartre while planning the escape. While the Americans had jammed the majority of communications in and out of the TPZ, they could not alter the satellite channels used by Moscow for submarines and long-wave radio signals. Due to Rossartre’s status and field of study, he met various powerful individuals throughout his life. One of these was Mikhail Tsvigun of the former KGB 16th Directorate; a man of high status within the Russian Federation. Rossartre requested a rendezvous somewhere within the Sea of Japan, and Moscow obliged by handing the rescue mission off to the Russian Pacific Fleet. The Fleet was outfitted with CF shielding in preparation for a rescue of a UNRA official.
Despite her death, Rossartre carried Kazusa’s body onto a fishing boat in Niigata and set off towards Russia. While passing near Sado Island, a Russian nuclear submarine named the Alexander III detected the fishing boat. The pair were loaded onto the submarine and brought to Russia. Those remaining in the TPZ were damned to the chaos and radiation. What happened in the zone past this point is unknown.
The Bolshevik parties of the Russian Far East took Kazusa’s body for study, and Rossartre was given a seat on a flight back to Moscow in early July. On July 8th, Rossartre would meet Mikhail Tsvigun and his student, Viktor Zelinsky, while being debriefed in Moscow. All information Rossartre had on him about his experiences from China to the TPZ was copied and archived. Following the debriefing, Rossartre was
 
granted a flight to London for his return to the UN. This would be the final meeting between the relic experts, Tsvigun and Rossartre.

The Situation in Russia Mid-2030
Following the disaster at Beilan Island, the Russian Far East was thrown into a frenzy lacking leadership and command from Moscow. A significant portion of the Trans-Siberian Railway was damaged by collapse fluid crystals bursting in the area causing a halt to railway travel in the region. Due to the loss of command from Moscow,
the Far East government lacked the resources needed to maintain evacuation efforts in the region. Fortunately, air routes over Siberia remained unaffected which allowed the Far East to conduct evacuation by air. Due to the power vacuum in the Far East, the Bolshevik parties operating in secrecy took this as a moment to seize power in a region of Russia. Bolshevik groups quickly gained political power in the region by assisting the Far East government in their efforts and began to infiltrate the Russian Government itself.
Many spies and informants would soon enter the ranks of the FSB, Navy, and Ministry of Internal Affairs. Following the rescue of Rossartre and the “Delta III” off the coast of Japan, Bolsheviks within the government took over the authority of the pair.

Delta III July 2030
The “Delta III” was the Russian classification assigned to the female Japanese individual saved from the Tokyo Protected Zone in June and July of 2030. Before being saved, the girl had died from a gunshot wound during her escape. An autopsy of her body had concluded her internal organs were completely immune to collapse radiation exposure. It is currently believed her body underwent a change allowing her to adapt to the contaminated zone. Interestingly, she would likely not survive when introduced into a clean zone due to this adaptation. Had she survived the escape, it can be surmised her
 
body would undergo rapid decay due to an acute autoimmune disease and organ failure. While the autopsy confirmed ELID immunity is possible, those few immune humans would be unable to survive in clean zones. As for what causes one to undergo this adaptation, is completely unknown. Kawasaki Kazusa was the first confirmed case of Collapse Fluid immunity.

The Situation in North America September 2030
In the months after the Beilan Incident, many of the collapse fluid crystal capsules ejected during the explosion landed in the Pacific Ocean. Currents pushed the capsules towards the North American continent. By September, several capsules had landed on coastlines from Alaska to Panama. Due to leaking capsules, the land stretching from Anchorage to San Diego experienced clouds of collapse fluid, forcing the population to flee eastward. In the United States, files obtained from the FBI confirmed relic technology companies had seized multiple capsules for study and profit. Two of these capsules were shipped to Salt Lake City, Utah, and Phoenix, Arizona. Due to a lack of proper knowledge on part of the companies, they attempted to force the capsule in Utah open. This would prove to be a devastating mistake for the US and Canada.
By brute-forcing the collapse fluid capsule open, a massive explosion similar to Beilan followed. Salt Lake City was vaporized from the detonation with an area up to a hundred square miles (259 square kilometers) becoming a red zone. Refugees fleeing from California had walked straight into a disaster exceptionally worse than the coastline contamination. Many would not survive. Projections concluded that Denver, Colorado, and as far East as the state of Kansas would be contaminated to some degree. In Canada, much of British Columbia and the Yukon would suffer heavy contamination as well. The catastrophe in the American West ushered in the decline of North America and utterly reshaped the United States as a country.
 
North American Refugee Crisis September-December 2030
With the North American continent in a state of chaos, the surviving populations fled to the East to escape the contaminated zones. According to Rossartre, he tried to warn the US government of the consequences of tampering with relics with Beilan Island being the greatest example. Unfortunately for the American and Canadian citizens, the government did not listen. The relic technology companies went unchecked by the government, leading to the destruction of Salt Lake City and the surrounding area. The West would become an uninhabitable wasteland, with the American West to the Southern Yukon being irradiated to some level.
After the disaster, the American government drafted its plans for a mass evacuation of the West into the East. Green zones were established in the Midwest and South for the intake of survivors, but in the end, only a small portion ever made it to these zones. The entire evacuation effort fell into calamity due to a plethora of issues spanning the Union. Many of the issues posed were, but are not limited to: the Californian state government growing suspicious of the efforts, green zone residents denying entry of Western survivors, various bureaucratic and legal difficulties within the government, and individuals who sought to exploit the situation for their motives and plans. The culmination of problems within the US led to the evacuation plan falling apart with many survivors left for dead. As the Union crumbled, the Pentagon drafted a plan for a “North American Exclusion Wall” stretching over 2300km from Winnipeg to Port Arthur. The construction of the Exclusion Wall began immediately, but by the time of its completion, most survivors were still stuck within the contaminated regions. Those remaining within the zones had been completely abandoned. For Rossartre and the UNRA assisting in the evacuation efforts, this was the final blow in morale, leading to them withdrawing from the evacuation plan.

European Refugee Crisis
 
2030-Early 2031
While North America suffered through disasters, Europe had begun to decline into a state of crisis. Survivors from East Asia and the Middle East were flooding into Europe every day leading to a lack of already low social resources within the EU due to overpopulation. Refugee camps were set up in major European countries to accompany the survivors; however, due to cultural differences and division between the Europeans and survivors, conflicts arose in the region. Some of the refugees participated in sexual crimes and thievery, and in turn, the natives cast further blame and discrimination against the refugees. The division between the natives and enclaves of survivors increased even further when rumors about who caused the Beilan Incident began to flow in Europe. As 2030 was coming to a close, it was clear Europe was headed down a path of division and it only worsened with the winter.
Due to the clash between the natives and refugees, the European people grew increasingly in favor of closing borders and barring further refugee intake. By autumn of 2030, over four million refugees had made their way in Europe, and several nations saw mass demonstrations against the EU due to the intake. As winter rolled in, Europe experienced a colder than average winter. Throughout the EU, snowstorms would envelop much of the land in December, and those left out in the cold would suffer. Due to a lack of fuel to maintain heat in refugee camps, many would freeze in the coming months. It is estimated there were over two million refugees who had perished during the freezing winter.



The Beacon and Prometheus Proposals 2030-2031
In 2031, morale within the UNRA had reached an all-time low due to the fallout of the Beilan Incident, the Tokyo Protected Zone’s collapse, North America’s collapse, and the refugee crises around the world. At the UNRA HQ in New York City, Sir Thomas
 
Huxley cast doubt on their efforts of being able to prevent future catastrophes, and reverse the division growing across the globe. Due to the scope of the disasters globally, and the shift in world government opinions against the UNRA, many members lost hope of the situation. Despite the turmoil, a proposition had been drafted about a possible solution to the crises. The “Beacon Program” offered an alternative solution to the world’s problems: a project for the establishment of an Antarctic Relic Agency in the Antarctic Hollow. While not accepted for several years, many from within the agency would slowly grow in support of the program.
During the previous year, another proposal was drafted named Project Prometheus by Director Rossartre which called for an alternative approach. Following the collapse of the TPZ, members within the agency believed the best course of action was a “reset” of sorts. While the Beilan Incident would begin an age of collapse and war, the believers of this proposal saw humanity as the ultimate cause of our suffering. To them, humanity was marching towards unavoidable self-destruction, and they should shift their plans away from stopping this impending disaster to rebuilding humanity over what’s left after.
Supporters of this proposal would step in after the cataclysm to shape the new world order in their desired judgment. While both of these proposals would not see serious attention for several years, they would stand as the start of the divide between the
so-called Beaconists and Prometheans.


The Second Bolshevik Revolution 2030-2032
The Second Bolshevik Revolution was a time of great political strife and unrest within the Russian Federation. The exact span of the revolution is unknown, but it likely spanned from mid-2030 to 2032. One of the first major shifts of political control in Russia occurred in the Far East. In the aftermath of Beilan Island, a significant portion of the Siberian Railway and Baikal-Amur Mainline had been halted due to the advent of collapse fluid capsules from Beilan Island. The Far East lacked command from the
 
Kremlin after the disaster, leading to Bolshevik parties assisting the provisional government in evacuation efforts. The provisional government was granted additional resources to help the evacuation plan, and many within the yellow zones were flown to safety. After the evacuation, the ideology of the Far East was staunchly Bolshevik, and members of the Bolshevik groups joined positions of power within the FSB, Navy, and Ministries as undercover agents. The path to the rise of Neo-Sovietism in Russia had begun.
While Moscow struggled to find solutions to the fallout, the Bolsheviks were active in the Far East and online. Bolshevik parties assisted in evacuation efforts in the Far East, bringing in further support for the cause. On the internet, they actively motivated the population to subvert the Federation. In one of the most significant cases, they had encouraged the people to take over the federal Ministry of Emergency Situations so they could manage the disaster relief efforts themselves. It became clear to Moscow that the Neo-Soviet communists were on a successful streak and were rapidly gaining support from the people. In an attempt to quell the Bolsheviks, the Kremlin pushed back against parties sympathetic to the cause; however, what the Kremlin did not expect, was the start of a nationwide revolution in response.
The exact dates of the revolution and civil war are unknown, but the writing was on the wall in favor of the Bolsheviks by 2032. In August of 2031, CPSU member Viktor Pavlovich Zelinsky conducted one of the most successful operations of the entire revolution. As an expert of the intelligence community, his ability to maintain cover and intelligence networks allowed him and the Bolsheviks to carry out a full take over of the Federal Security Service (FSB) without force. On the day of the takeover, Zelinsky and a group of wanted criminals walked straight into the Lubyanka Building in Moscow and declared they were taking over. Zelinsky, one of the main targets of the FSB, had gone completely unseen by their agents and had made his way into the heart of their agency through the front door. Due to the amount of Bolshevik moles within the FSB, it allowed the Communists and Zelinsky to take control of the agency from within. All that was left for them to do, was walk in and declare victory. To ensure compliance of those loyal to
 
the Federation within the FSB, the CPSU would not investigate any black budget programs being run by the agency.
As the rebellion continued throughout 2031, the Bolsheviks and White Army engaged in bloody battles across the nation. By 2032, Minsk had become a frontline for the White Army. Files about the war revealed a secret plot on behalf of the White Army to use relic weapons to push back the enemy regime and win the war. The White Army was planning to seize Soviet Pike weapons at OKB-413 in Minsk to utterly destroy the Bolsheviks. The ordeal was stopped before it could grow into fruition thanks to the Neo-Soviets stepping in to prevent a disaster. Both the future founder of IOP, Havier Wetkin and future KCCO Brigadier general, Carter Neustadt, were involved in the
operation. Carter was the leader of the team that seized control of the site while Havier’s engineers would be in charge of disarming the relic. Due to this action, the Neo-Soviets in Russia were seen as righteous gatekeepers of relic technology and weapons because
they knew the consequences of improper use of it from the Cold War.

Rossartre and The World Order 2031-2033
As the world order continued to crumble in the aftermath of Beilan Island, fear and disbelief festered within Rossartre’s mind. It was clear Europe was on a path towards a collapse, and hundreds of millions had been lost within the past two years alone. Many nations were slowly shifting increasingly militaristic or even colonial. In North America, the US was actively crushing the independence movement in Latin America. In September 2032, peace talks between the New Soviets and Americas had failed, and the thought of a second Cold War immediately sparked the rise of military presence across the world. In 2031, conflicts between refugees and natives were growing with hatred manifesting through heinous crimes between the groups. Rossartre met his breaking point after being barred from harboring refugees within his apartment during the 2030 into 2031 winter. Watching a young girl collapse in the freezing cold from his window, his
 
mind finally broke, and a new ideology burst from within. Saving mankind from the chaos was no longer desired; rather, humanity deserved a reset.
The nations were rapidly becoming polarized and distrust of the EU and UN were increasing as well. According to Rossartre, humanity’s chance to maintain global stability had long since passed them. It became less about if a worldwide conflict would occur but when. The clock was ticking down to midnight with no sign of reconciliation in sight.
The unavoidable was approaching, and humanity was the cause of all of their ills. Mankind deserved to suffer the consequences of a global conflict. And from their suffering, they would be born anew without the problems of the old world. In his own words, humanity would be reborn amidst the flames, and their only path to avoid extinction is the formation of a one-world government over all of mankind. His ideology would later become known as Rossartrism, and by 2064, the UN reformed and much of Europe had unified under this cause.

Rossartre’s Death 2033
In 2031, Raeder Albert Rossartre had created his “Beilan Island Incident Investigation Report,” and by 2033, was ready to submit it to the world. The report covered the events that led to the Beilan Incident as well as his journey through East Asia and North America. Additionally, the report contained information critical of various nations for their wrong-doings during the fallout of the incident. The report would also unveil his theory of the coming dark ages due to a global conflict over resources and the subsequent necessity of a global government. On January 15th, 2033, Rossartre posted his report publicly online, and later his report would be presented to the UN General Assembly. After releasing the file, he recorded one final audio log cementing his belief that a new humanity will rise again from the approaching long night. It was at this time Rossartre was believed to have taken his life.
 
Later that evening, the Department of Justice sent several FBI agents to ensure Rossartre’s safety following the public release of the report. The agents arrived outside his Pennsylvanian Manor in the evening, and after receiving no reply, they forced their way in. According to the FBI, Rossartre was found dead at his desk from a probable suicide earlier that day. Strangely, another report about his death explained his passing occurred in the University of Pennsylvania Hospital supposedly due to internal organ failure from long-term exposure within the irradiated zones. Many Rossartrists, including those in North America, believed he was possibly killed for releasing his report.
According to the General Secretary of the East Coast American Rossartrist Alliance, Bob Hampton, he and his fellow Rossartrists in 2053 firmly held the notion that Rossartre was assassinated, but the actual cause of death is still up for debate.

The Fallout of Rossartre’s Death March-April 2033
Due to Rossartre’s death in January, hope amongst the UNRA was failing. Anger against the nations who had turned their backs on the agency dwelled in the members and it was becoming clear the UNRA was nearing its end. Sir Thomas Huxley became the Chief Director after Rossartre and was faced with a divide within his agency between the supporters of Project Beacon and Project Prometheus. By the end of March, several nations within the EU began to expel illegal immigrants, and the US Congress voted to expel the UNRA on the 31st. Under Resolution GA/21135, agency members were arrested and sent to the JFK International Airport in New York for removal from the nation. The wait in the airport lounge would be the final meeting of the UNRA as a single entity. During the meeting, Huxley signed off on Project Beacon in hopes of preserving and protecting humanity. The UNRA’s new goal was the mobilization of all efforts towards the completion of Project Beacon.
The signing of the Beacon resolution would permanently sever the UNRA into two factions forever. The “Beaconists” believed in the creation of a massive doomsday
 
bunker within the Antarctic Hollow. In the event of a global disaster or meltdown, members of Project Beacon would be evacuated to the bunker, saving the current human civilization from death. On the other hand, supporters of Project Prometheus felt betrayed by the cowards within their ranks. The Beaconists had become their own entity following the expulsion, and the “Prometheans” saw the Beaconists as traitors to Rossartre’s original beliefs. To them, the Beaconists abandoned everything Rossartre and the UNRA once stood for, and instead, looked for salvation and further power. In the months following the removal of the UNRA, Project Prometheus began considering possible nations to side with for their future Rossartrist goals.
The nation most likely to side with the Prometheans was the newly formed New Soviet Union in 2033. For Prometheus, the people of the NSU never abandoned their dignity like themselves even in difficult times. While other nations fell into either collapse or militarism, the Russian people did not abandon dignity, instead choosing to raise the flag of the Soviet Union once more. The NSU could be the nation to survive the coming long night Rossartre warned of. To gain access to the Soviet government, Mikhail Tsvigun was seen as a perfect candidate for their cause. The Soviets avoided a relic disaster in Minsk during the previous year, and Tsvigun was highly honorable amongst the leaders in relic technology. The Project Prometheus Council agreed that the “Siberian Lifeline” should become the main priority of their organization during the coming months.

The Siberian Lifeline Program 2033-2035
Due to the CF capsules ejected from Beilan Island, major parts of the Siberian and Far East regions of Russia became irradiated zones. The Siberian Railway and
Baikal-Amur Mainline had been severed by the radiation, and the Far East was left to operate independently. The Bolsheviks gained their first footing in Russia when taking control of the Far East government and evacuation efforts. As the Bolshevik influence
 
grew, the effect across Russia began to snowball. By 2032, the Russian Federation had fallen and a new flag rose in Moscow, but the threat of the contaminated zones remained. Due to the radiation levels in the Yellow Zones, tens of thousands of industrial facilities were abandoned in the aftermath of Beilan. Due to this major loss of industry, the Soviets struggled to produce the number of materials needed to support the entire nation and their people. In an effort to increase industrial output and restore the Siberian railway, the government activated a major reconstruction project named “The Siberian Lifeline Program.” The program would begin one of the largest and most successful reconstruction efforts after Beilan and would be the start of decades-long research and development in doll robot technology.
The Lifeline Program began operations planning not long after the installation of the Soviets. The two major goals of the program were repairing the Siberian railway and the restoration of industrial facilities within the Yellow Zones. Since humans cannot survive for long periods of time within the irradiated regions, the NSU was forced to search for alternative solutions to repair Siberia and its industries. The new plan called for the use of automated machinery to run the facilities 24 hours straight, but the technology to do so had not yet been created. The Soviets opened a bid for contractors for the creation of a humanoid industrial robot able to operate non-stop within the zones. The winning bid would be chosen after six months, with the bid going to the Production and Technology R&D Consortium with the 766th Production and Technical Equipment Administration. The man behind the filling, Havier Wetkin, former Army Electronic Warfare Corpsman, won the bid for the Universal Labor Robot. Wetkin’s submission involved the creation of a skeletal-frame robot roughly the size of a human with
long-lasting battery life.


ALR-51C (T) 2033
 
Havier Wetkin’s industrial robot was named the Auto Labor Robot-51 Common (Testing). While the robot was just up to par for testing, it excelled in initial deployment time and met all basic requirements for the NSU. The first-generation ALR frame would become the precursor to modern doll robots, featuring a humanoid design with four limbs and twelve joints. The ALR frame could simulate 24 common human-like movements and could be mounted with 48 different tool arms and suites. Despite being designed to be human-shaped, the structure of the robot remained mostly open and skeletal with exposed sensors. At maximum strength, the robot could support upwards of 300kg and run for six hours on a maximum load with the ability to be outfitted with a wired power supply. The estimated life expectancy was around 400 days in the best circumstances.
When it came to actual labor in the Yellow Zones, the robots would prove to be a definite success for the new “doll robots.”
The ALR-51C skeletal-frame robot would come to be the first industrial “doll” robot available for labor. Innovations into doll robots would not come for some time due to a lack of demand on behalf of the world’s governments. The NSU and China were the only two nations looking to maintain their industrial centers within the radiation zones while Western nations chose to abandon theirs. Due to the ALR-51C’s efficiency for the Soviets and Chinese, they had no need for a new generation of doll robots. For them, the robot already was an excellent yet cheap product for the Lifeline Program and thus there was no need for more advanced dolls. While doll technology progressed little for the next several years, standard wheeled, tracked, and air-cushioned hover robots saw considerable advancements during the time. Defense contractors and industrial companies throughout the world would develop a plethora of new automated machines that would eventually evolve into the bases for military robots. Romania’s Sangvis Ferri, the American General Dynamics, and the European SIMATIC were all active in the creation of automated technology for these robots. Some of these machines were less than a meter in height while others stood above 10 meters. Doll robot technology would continue to be on the downward trend until after the Northern Lights Incident in 2035.
 
The Beacon Program 2035
After being expelled from the United States in 2033, the UNRA was forever splintered into two. While the Prometheans within the URNA stayed loyal to the original vision of Rossartre, the Beaconists went against those ideals and began looking for the last bastion for humanity before the collapse. Director Huxley signed off on the Beacon Program for an Antarctic Relic Agency while at JFK Airport in 2033. The Beaconists looked toward the Antarctic Hollow as a possible city-sized doomsday bunker. By 2035, the Beaconists had obtained a clear understanding of the Hollow and their plans for it.
According to their analysis of the site, the city could remain self-sufficient and house up to 10 million people. Barrier doors would be needed to be built to block clouds of collapse fluid and contaminated ocean currents in the region. Upon completion of the city and its required radiation shielding, the Beaconists would need to reactivate the core of the city. This core, an anti-collapse device, would be the final step needed to prepare the city for any disaster.
For the upcoming engineering project of the Hollow, Project Beacon required an immense amount of capital and resources. Since the Antarctic Hollow acted independently from any government intending to create a doomsday bunker, many rich and powerful began investing in the project. Due to their independence from governments and geopolitics, Beacon would likely avoid the collapse altogether, and only the most important would be granted into the project. Those invited to Project Beacon included: politicians, the wealthy, important technical personnel, scientists, and the military for security. In the event of a global catastrophe, say WWIII, the UNRA would transport the families of Project Beacon members to the Hollow City and would seal themselves away from the rest of the world.

The State of Europe 2034-2035
 
When the New Soviet and American peace talks failed in 2032, a military buildup across the world was jump-started out of fear of a second Cold War. Nations from the EU to the Soviet Union to independent nations were growing increasingly weary of the world balance. An unprecedented number of nations began to feel the tides of conflict coming in and chose their course of action in preparation. For the Project Prometheus Council, fear was present amongst them with a growing unease about the possible reactivation of relic technology or weaponry. Relic weapons had been banned under international law since the Relic Arms Limitation Treaty in the 1980s, but there would be nothing to stop a militaristic nation from opening Pandora’s Box once more. Europe had already suffered a close call in 2032 during the Neo-Soviet revolution in Minsk.
Within the Promethean Council, support for backing the New Soviet Union for the upcoming dark age was growing. Many of the Soviets still had memories of the terrifying consequences of relic technology from the Cold War and swore to never let the relics fall into the wrong hands. Due to their swiftness in controlling the OKB-413 Incident, and staunch gatekeeping of relic technology, the Council grew considerably in favor of the new regime. The Russian relic expert, Mikhail Tsvigun, eventually collaborated with Prometheus as a recruiter for their cause. Two of these individuals were members of the teams that prevented the disaster in Minsk. Havier Wetkin led the engineering group in dismantling the relic while Carter Neuststadt’s team cleared the facility of the enemy.
Additionally, Havier displayed an acute ability in doll technology and systems, and Carter’s talents in the field would prove valuable as a military asset. While the Soviets seemed increasingly likely to be the frontrunners for the Prometheans’ plans, multiple European nations were growing pugnacious. To the Council’s horror, engineers within the Northern European defense sector had begun researching collapse fluid compression technology. This line of research was seen as unacceptable due to the possible effects it would have on the world. The same reaction of collapse fluid had also caused the disaster in 2030. The nations were already standing close to the edge, and a second Beilan would be the push needed to send them all over it. Unfortunately for humanity, that push is exactly what happened the following year in 2035.
 

The Northern Lights Incident 2035
The Northern Lights Incident in 2035 was the most severe relic disaster following Beilan Island. Out of fear of a second Cold War after the failed 2032 peace talks, many nations began building up their militaries once more in preparation. In Northern Europe, engineers from their defense-industrial complex were researching CF compression technology. When collapse fluid is compressed, it causes a dramatic rise in heat which eventually can lead to a massive detonation and the dispersal of radioactive particles.
After the SCAPF team at Beilan Island blew the charges, collapse fluid became compressed by the debris. The chain reaction of explosions would eventually lead to a single, tremendous explosion that annihilated the surrounding cities near and ejected tens of thousands of tons of collapse fluid into the atmosphere. It is because of Beilan that this technology is looked down upon by the Prometheus Council due to the threat it poses to the stability of the world. While the exact cause of the Northern Lights Incident remains unconfirmed, it was likely caused by the fluid compression research in Scandinavia.
In 2035, an explosion no less severe than Beilan Island occurred within one of the Scandinavian countries. Likely caused by improper research into CF compression technology, the explosion resulted in the annihilation of the Scandinavian Peninsula and released a wide-ranging cloud of fluid and radiation across Europe. The majority of those living on the Peninsula would not survive due to the explosion, shockwave, or ELID. Unlike the Beilan Incident, collapse fluid had not entered the atmosphere and was instead spread by seasonal winds and ocean currents. Central and Eastern Europe would suffer greatly as the radiation fell upon the land. In Eastern Europe, many nations, especially the Baltic nations, were left as uninhabitable red zones. For those living in specific regions of Central Europe, the radiation would force them to flee from their homes, with Germany suffering the most turmoil. The East and West would soon be divided once more with tensions boiling between refugees, natives, and the government of Europe. For many, the
 
Northern Lights Incident would be the beginning of the end. For many, the writing was on the wall, and the chance of global collapse became less about “if” and more about “when.” In the words of a Prometheus Council file: “The gulls, the gulls are coming. The storm is knocking on the shores.” To the Council, the future had been set in stone, and the chance to prevent self-annihilation was improbable.
Soon after the dust had settled in Europe, millions had been killed or injured. If the explosion itself did not kill someone, ELID most certainly would. From Germany to the Baltics, millions began to develop ELID resulting in their deaths. It was clear another apocalypse had arisen, and Europe was at the center of this abyss. Within the NSU government, the Soviets knew doll robots would be critical in the restoration of Europe and the cleansing of irradiated zones. The ALR-51C had already proven itself to be an efficient machine during the Lifeline Program, and this was the chance for them to shine once. While the Soviets lacked any reason to withhold the ALR-51C from the Europeans, poor relations between the NSU and the EU halted them from sharing the information.
Instead, the Soviet International Service for Military-Technical Cooperation held a series of confidential negotiations which resulted in Havier Wetkin being put in charge of the next generation of doll robots. Havier was ordered to Ukraine to found the Important Operations Prototype Manufacturing Company, more commonly known as IOP. By November of the following year, Havier would finish the prototype for the next generation of the ALRs, dubbed the ALR-52P.

ALR-52P 2036
The ALR-52P was created by Havier Wetkin in 2036 following the founding of the IOP Company. The next generation of ALR greatly focused on the mobility and efficiency of the machine. This new ALR would be a direct upgrade to the previous generation; featuring four limbs and twelve joints with an additional 24 smaller joints for increased range of motion. It could operate up to 128 different tools in its operation
 
within the zones and could simulate 72 body motions. The battery life and maximum load of the ALR-52P had surpassed the 51C by 42%, allowing the 52P to operate for far longer without needing to recharge. The structure of the head changed from exposed sensors on the 51C to a liquid-crystal display for simple interactions between itself and humans. In November of 2036, Havier submitted the 52P to the Soviet government, and soon after finalization, the world.
When the ALR-52P was revealed to the world, the robotics markets worldwide began to shift entirely. For the world, the 52P would become the first industrial “doll robot.” Many nations had been struggling with the aftermath of the Northern Lights Incident, and this “new” creation could be their saving grace. The robots could operate within the Yellow Zones to maintain industrial output both independently and with human workers. Soon after the release of the ALR-52P, several nations within Central and Eastern Europe began immediately ordering en masse. Thanks to the ALR-52P’s overwhelming success among customers, and later business deals between companies, IOP and Havier Wetkin began to flourish.

Post-Northern Lights Robotics The Late 2030s
While doll robot technology began to flourish thanks to IOP’s ALRs, research into multi-legged, wheeled, and tracked robots began to gradually rise. The New Soviet Union was among the first nations to invest in the prospect of multi-legged platform robots for transportation across their mountains and vast tundras. Screw-driven vehicles were cast to the side, with multi-legged platform robots taking focus. Within the NSU, defense contractors such as Kirov Robotics, Chelyabinsk Mechanics, Lower Tajir Locomotive works, and the Omsk Transport Machinery Plant were all involved in the development of multi-legged platforms. These “all-terrain platforms” ranged from 2-legged, 10-ton robots, to 6-legged, 35-ton robots. The research into the robots would grow into a global effort when in 2037, American General Dynamics completed the first 8-legged platforms.
 
Multi-legged robotic platforms became an innovation of all-terrain vehicles and would see later use in campaigns throughout World War III. The Sangvis Ferri manufactured
4-legged Manticore and Hydra robots would later be utilized as weaponized walkers for SF and the Soviet KCCO during the 2060s.

Germany Post-Northern Lights The Late 2030s
During the fallout of the Northern Lights Incident in 2035, Germany would suffer a great deal of destruction due to the contamination. Everything North of the Thuringian Mountains was irradiated to some degree, especially within Northern and Eastern regions. From parts of North Rhine-Westphalia to Saxony, the nation was dealt a devastating blow. The Federal Government was moved from Berlin to Frankfurt to continue its duties. Once relocated, the government began immediate work to regain their functions and receive those fleeing from the North. Millions of refugees from both North and Eastern Europe flooded into the Southern states. In September of 2035, the EU drafted a refugee housing plan to move survivors across Europe and the Americas, but both Americas rejected the proposal. The EU was forced to divide the millions of refugees into several of the EU states. Refugees from Eastern Europe entered Germany en masse. Many of the German natives would grow against the mass movement of refugees into their nation. Due to a mix of the damage caused to them by the Northern Lights Incident and the mass migration of refugees, the South Germans turned to protest and violence out of fear that the refugees would stay forever. The situation was quelled by the government, but the distrust would remain amongst the people. In the years following the unrest, Germany, as well as the rest of Europe, was becoming a ticking time bomb.

The State of Europe The Late 2030s
 
Europe was in a state of chaos following the Northern Lights Incident. Millions were killed or forced to flee from their homes. Resources in many of the EU states were already running thin, and the mass migration of refugees only further strained them. It was clear the Europeans needed more resources and land. The African continent had been unscathed by both of the relic disasters and was vast in both things the Europeans needed. The EU made its first major move in Africa during the 2037 Libyan Coup. Europe was once more heading towards the path of colonialism. Leftists and Social-Democrats within Germany were staunchly opposed to the German government joining the other European nations in colonization. In the 2037 elections, the anti-colonial groups supported a
US-NSU Alliance and tried to gain political power to halt the path to colonialism. During the following year, the US-NSU Alliance had disbanded, and the German Parliament cast a vote of no confidence against the anti-colonial parties. The anti-colonial parties became powerless to stop the government from turning to imperialism. From 2038 to 2043, the German government participated in the colonization of Africa under the EU.
Anti-colonial groups within Germany were suppressed by the government, and the gap between the government and the people continued to widen.

The Situation Worldwide 2037-2040
As Europe paved the path for neo-colonialism, the world was becoming exceptionally unstable. For the United States, independence movements had been put down by them since the early 2030s. The NSU was opposed to any colonization of Africa and sided with the anti-colonial factions throughout Europe. In Germany, the government had begun to decontaminate parts of the zones for refugee resettlement. The notion helped mediate some of the distrust between the refugees and the government but ultimately fell apart after the German government stopped reconstruction after the Second Algerian War in December of 2039. The government had decided the only way to deal with the situation within their borders was to expand themselves into Africa rather
 
than continue decontamination efforts. The Second Algerian War would lead to the United Nations incident in 2040.

The UN Incident and Project Beacon 2040-2041
The United Nations General Assembly would undergo a tumultuous flare-up in 2040 following the Second Algerian War. While the actual details of the flare-up are unknown, it would serve as a sign for the future of the planet. For UNRA Director Sir Huxley, the flare-up was seen as the point of no return for humanity. For the previous years, the Beaconists had been finalizing the Antarctic Hollow into a doomsday shelter, and in 2040, the order was given. Until 2045, everything Project Beacon needed to sustain itself was flown en masse from across the world. Workers, building material, rations, and seeds from the Svalbard Global Seed Vault were moved to the Hollow in preparation for doomsday. In December of 2041, the UNRA relocated its headquarters from Geneva to the Hollow City. Soon after the beginning of the third world war, the final phase of Project Beacon was finished. The Antarctic Union declared independence and sealed itself away from the outside world. They would not be heard from again until the Tanker Incident.

Prometheus and The World Order The Early 2040s
Both the Beaconists and Prometheans had realized by 2040 that the end times were coming, and it was time to finalize their respective plans. The Beaconists activated Project Beacon, and the Prometheans knew it was time to decide what course should be set for the coming war. Additionally, the Prometheans expressed satisfaction with IOP and doll robot technology for reconstruction efforts. Havier had created the doll robot market with no other competitors, and nations of the world saw them as a valuable asset to help reconstruct their dying infrastructures. The use of dolls was believed to be an
 
essential part of the future of humanity and society. Doll robots would become a staple of the reconstruction of zones and plans of Prometheus. However, when it came to the discussion of the coming war, hopes were not as high.
Despite humanity showing they can hold back the storm, the council was well aware of the future global war. And after the 2040 flare-up, it was inevitable. World War III would be inevitable, but the way it played out could be changed. New plans were drafted within the council to direct the path the war would follow. Mutually assured destruction and the use of relic weapons would spell another extinction event, but if neither of these two occurred, there would be a light at the end of the tunnel. To ensure their plans would come to fruition, they would need to choose a victor during the war, and all nations needed to be subverted. North America, specifically the United States, was seen as a significant stepping stone for their goals. The US needed its influence and power reigned in, and the only way to achieve that was to subvert the country and its people from within. If Rossartrism were to be introduced to the people, it would become the instrument used to neutralize the country’s power. Throughout the next several years, the Prometheans worked continuously to introduce Rossartrism across the globe and direct the path WWIII would follow.

The Situation Worldwide 2041-2042
As a new decade began, the future of the world was already looking grim. Hundreds of millions of lives had been lost in the previous due to the Beilan and Northern Lights Incidents. Much of the Earth lay in waste, littered with contamination and collapse fluid storms. The EU had been walking down the path of neo-colonialism due to a lack of resources. Flare-ups within the UN and across the European continent stood as signs of a coming global conflict. The Beaconists and Prometheans knew midnight was approaching and prepared their bunkers.
 
The return of European colonialism would be highlighted in 2041. Italy had taken full control of Libya, and the rest of the EU began to follow suit throughout Africa. At the same time across the Atlantic, the US was slowly tearing itself apart as the movement to bring down the North American Exclusion Wall grew. As the US faced unrest, the Europeans chose to further their efforts into colonization. For them, the need for arable land to grow food for their people became an utmost priority. Since all funding for the
colonial nations went towards colonization, reconstruction of irradiated zones was pushed to the side. While Western Europe participated in colonialism, Eastern Europe still lay in ruins. The Baltics had been completely irradiated, and a belt of radiation spread as far south as the Adriatic. The largest country in the East not heavily inflicted with contaminated zones was Ukraine.

The Ukrainian Civil War 2042-2043
After the Northern Lights Incident, Ukraine was the largest country in Eastern Europe unaffected by the belt of radiation. While not being within the zones, the country was still faced with turmoil. In 2042, a severe economic crisis overwhelmed the nation. After a series of failed mediations by the UN and the EU, the country erupted into civil war. Revolutionaries in Eastern Ukraine rose against the government, and by 2043, Kiev had fallen under their control. The fall of Kiev to the Eastern rebels raised the alarm to the EU on the severity of the threat. The war was the first of many conflicts that would stem from the chaos caused by the Northern Lights Incident. The EU immediately intervened in the conflict to put an end to it. In accordance with the Bucharest Agreement signed by both sides, Ukraine would be split into West and East Ukraine.
Soon after the peace treaties were signed, Europe was transformed. Anti-EU parties throughout the continent had begun amassing support in the shadows. These groups were motivated by the revolution in Ukraine and soon after tried to subvert the EU from within. Europe gradually became more conservative, and support for the EU
 
plummeted in the process. The Ukrainian Civil War was the watershed moment for Europe both politically and technologically and marked the first time doll robots were used in warfare.

Sangvis Ferri and Project Ripper The Early 2040s
The world was unraveling in the early 2040s from the UN to the EU, and the chance of war seemed almost unavoidable. Founded in 2031, the Sangvis Ferri Manufacturing company took advantage of the situation to unveil their research into weaponized doll robots. Using the ALR-52P frame created by IOP as a base, SF created a new type of doll robot for use in warfare. The robot would feature a bulletproof outer casing, a multifunctional helmet, and a single weapon. SF would name this series of robots as “Rippers.” Soon after the Ukrainian conflict broke out in 2042, the
first-generation Rippers had been completed.
The Rippers would see their first live combat trial during the war; however, they suffered greatly due to a plethora of issues. The first-generation Rippers became nothing more than target practice for the Ukrainian militias due to their slow performance and lack of command structure. Additionally, the bulletproof casings were not capable of stopping rifle calibers, making them effectively useless if the enemy hit them. Any Ukrainian marksman would have plenty of time to shoot a Ripper before it could assess the situation and carry out the actions needed. Faced with such failures during the war, SF was forced to rethink the dolls. The largest obstacle was a command system for the Rippers to use in the field to assess and conduct plans during the heat of battle. The command system would prove to be quite complicated for SF to create, but it was required to ensure the Rippers would succeed. As SF continued its development into the Ripper command system, the IOP company was also at work on a revolutionary new series of doll robots.
 
IOP Nymphs The Early 2040s
While Sangvis Ferri experimented with several new designs and innovations in their Ripper series of military dolls, the IOP company remained uninvolved in the field; instead choosing to continue the development of dolls for labor. When the Ukrainian Civil War came to a close in 2043, millions of young workers had been displaced throughout the EU. To counter the loss of working labor in Europe, IOP devised an ingenious solution using their ALR-52P robots. Havier Wetkin led the project of a service doll robot based on the 52P frame. Later that year, the first generation of these service dolls hit the European market. Using the latest CSD skeleton based on the 52Ps frame, these robots resembled adult women. While past IOP dolls seemed much closer to the traditional idea of a robot, these “Nymphs” as they were called, were almost human-like. The Nymphs could simulate 12 common human emotions as well as 128 human movements.
Soon after releasing to the markets, Nymphs proved to be yet another successful endeavor for IOP. The majority of Nymphs were developed to serve as caregivers for the elderly or work in service jobs to balance the workforce. The dolls would comply with all demands and lacked negative emotions which made them considerably easier to avoid stress and conflicts with human clients. Among the elderly, Nymphs were very successful with up to 36% of all retirees in Eastern Europe buying one, with positive feedback from 85% of all customers. By 2044, doll robots were well underway of being the next major innovation in technology. While research and development boomed, governments across the world remained wary of using dolls in their militaries. Due to the SF Rippers’ poor performance in Ukraine, military technology shied away from dolls, with the focus shifting towards the creation of multi-legged, wheeled, and tracked robots.

Pre-WWIII Robotics The Early 2040s
 
With WWIII looming on the horizon, the world’s governments continued their research into robotics. Doll robots remained mostly as service and labor robots while the militaries developed multi-legged robotic platforms. In 2044, a worldwide military buildup occurred following the collapse of the United Nations earlier in the year. The NSU would conduct the largest field tests of multi-legged robots in April during the “Dnepr-44” military exercise. During the exercise, the robots were put to the test for their endurance and speed for traversing various terrains during high-intensity combat. The robots proved to be ineffective during high-intensity combat but outperformed in crossing mountainous terrains. For the Soviet Ministry of Defense, the results of the exercise were promising, and immediately drafted plans to solve issues observed during the trials. By the end of the year, the Soviets were forced to shift their focus away from multi-legged robots and towards the chaotic situation developing in Germany.

The United Nations Collapse 2044
After the flare-up in 2040, the return of colonialism, and the Ukrainian Civil War, it was clear Rossartre’s predictions of an imminent global war for resources were becoming true. The United States and European nations lost significant amounts of their arable land as well as industrial sectors. Europe took drastic measures to ensure their nations would stay afloat. After Italy took full control of Libya in 2041, it was clear Old Europe was unveiling itself. By 2044, The US had absorbed Canada and stamped out anti-American movements in the Bahamas. Within Eastern Europe and the New Soviet Union, the idea of neo-colonialism was staunchly opposed, and they openly disapproved of the actions being taken by the EU. The European continent became a powder keg just waiting to be lit at a moment's notice. The only group that could mediate the situation was the United Nations, but by early 2044, even the UN was falling apart.
In early 2044, the UN General Assembly met to discuss the global situation. While the exact details of the Assembly are unknown, the crises in Algeria, Ukraine, and the
 
Bahamas were brought up. Following the meeting, three permanent members of the Assembly backed out of the UN entirely. With the loss of three significant members, the UN would rapidly collapse from within. The international organization once tasked to preserve world peace and prevent a third world war, was finished. World War III was now truly inevitable, and governments across the globe promptly began to prepare their nations. By mid-2044, the war was ready, and all that was needed to start it was a spark.

The Fall of Germany I The Late 2030’s
As it stands today, the Northern Lights Incident in 2035 would be the first major step towards World War III in Europe. The contamination caused worldwide forced many nations and peoples to abandon their lands. Both Eastern and Central Europe became hotbeds for the collapse radiation pollution as well as civil unrest. One of the hardest-hit nations in Central Europe was Germany. Millions of natives and foreign refugees had been evacuated to the Southern states due to the contamination in the Northern and Eastern states. Everything North of the Thuringian mountains was irradiated to some degree, leaving many dead or as fleeing refugees. As time passed and more refugees continued to flood into South Germany, the South German natives gradually began to shift against the intake of survivors, and soon enough, protests broke out against the government’s refugee plans. Fortunately, tensions were able to be mediated by the Parliament before they could turn into rioting, but the discontent within the natives remained.
Due to the loss of arable land in multiple EU states, the countries could no longer support the needs of their people and were forced to take radical actions. By 2040, the prospect of re-colonizing Africa for resources had been openly considered and was underway in some states. Germany at the time was active in reconstruction and decontamination of some of the Northern zones, but to their Federal Parliament, it was not enough. The topic of recolonization was a point of contentious debate between parties
 
during the 2037 Elections. Groups such as the Social Democratic Party and the more left-wing parties actively campaigned against the neo-colonial policies of the government, but many citizens within South Germany had grown in support of expansionism. Among the German refugees, the majority were against colonialism, instead preferring the government to continue their Northern decontamination efforts. After the EU passed a vote of no confidence, the anti-colonial parties suffered defeat. From 2038 to 2043, Germany would join its West and Central European allies in colonizing Africa. By 2041, Italy had taken full control of Libya, and the anti-colonial parties within Europe were being suppressed.
While decontamination of the North did continue, the shift in focus to Africa drew funding away from the program. Within these zones, the standard of living was drastically lower than in the South. Living space was limited to an average of ten square meters, and dependable heating systems were few in number. In the event anyone left their living spaces, they were required to wear protective equipment due to the radiation in the yellow zones. Additionally, both ELID and radiation alarms were implemented to inform the populace of storms and or ELIDs in the area. The harsh living conditions in the reconstructed zones were unacceptable to the refugees wanting to return to their homes. As years passed, conflicts between the natives and refugees steadily rose, and the government repeatedly ignored the requests of those wanting to return to their homes.
Germany had become a breeding ground of hatred and division; however, the tensions would not turn hot for some time to come.

The Fall of Germany II September-November 2044
By 2044, all of Europe lay on the edge of WWIII, but nothing yet had sparked it. That spark would eventually be lit in Germany following the civil war near the end of the year. Ironically, what started as a usual yearly budget meeting in Parliament would
ultimately result in a thermonuclear war several months after. The Federal Parliament
 
would meet in Frankfurt in September 2044 to discuss the yearly budget for the following year. The plan allocated much of the budget towards the development of Germany’s African colonies and ignored many of the East Germans’ requests for decontamination and reconstruction. Days later, the vote passed by a small margin, angering much of the former East Germans and pro-reconstruction parties. However, this was their last straw after a long series of failures and grievances.
Soon after the passing of the vote for the budget plan, the Social Democratic parties in the country were outraged. Feeling betrayed by their government, they immediately formed a coalition party to request the dissolving of the Federal Parliament with a new election being held afterward. The Social Democratic parties received their wish when the vote to dissolve received just enough votes to pass. Both the Christian Democratic Union party and the Liberal Democrat party realized the severity of the situation, Parliament would soon be dissolved. The united parties proposed enacting the National Emergency Act to immediately remove all forms of self-governance rights from the East German provisional government based on the belief a minor insurrection was underway. In the event of the legislation being enacted, the semi-autonomous governments of North and East Germany would be disbanded. Throughout the rest of the month, the Federal Parliament would be faced with a multitude of disagreements and debates over possibly dissolving and invoking the Emergency Act. The final vote to enact the Act occurred in early November, passing with a razor-thin margin. With the vote passed, the 1983 Constitution was suspended, and members of North and East German parties were proclaimed to be threats to the national security of Germany. The Social Democrat party and its members had effectively been declared as terrorists.
The new Parliament of the German Federal Republic was formed overnight. The pro-expansionist factions within the government had taken control and immediately began to purge themselves of the Social Democrats and their leaders on the same day. Viewing the Social Democrats as threats to the state, the Federal Police (BPOL) and the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV) were given orders to arrest prominent Social Democrats and their leaders across the nation. During the purge, the
 
SDP branch within West Germany was hit the hardest. Unsurprisingly, mass protests sprung up throughout Germany against the actions being undertaken, especially in Berlin. The protests hampered the progress of the federal agencies, leading to Parliament issuing an order on November 11th for a nationwide curfew. As Germany seemed to be collapsing from within, the protests gradually grew into riots. By the 13th, bloody engagements between protestors and the police with hundreds of casualties were occurring in all the major cities. Germany was nearing the edge of a civil war between the West and East.

The 2044 German Civil War November-December 2044
As protests and riots spread across every region of Germany, the Frankfurt government issued an order to the Berlin police to conduct a purge of the East German People’s Council. The Council was held within the Palace of the Republic in Berlin and was seen as the headquarters of the protests. When the purge began later that day, the military police were confronted with heavy resistance from protestors, resulting in a deadly skirmish. The brawl resulted in the deaths of almost a hundred with hundreds more injured. The outcome of the battle was broadcasted across the nation, leading to an eruption of anger and resentment in the East towards the Frankfurt government. The Western government had killed dozens of their citizens. The Palace of the Republic Murders, as they’re known today, was the final nail in the coffin for East Germany. The East saw this as the final straw, realizing there was no peaceful or political solution to remedy the situation before them. Within days, Social Democrats and East Germans were preparing for war.
The first significant revolt took place on the 18th, in which East German Bundespolizei refused to carry out orders, causing the situation in multiple major cities to rapidly become unstable. During the following day, several garrisoned units in the North and East turned against Frankfurt. These detachments would be among the first to turn
 
against the federal government as well as the first to directly engage loyal troops. On the 20th, the rebel troops launched a series of assaults against loyal Bundespolizei and Spezialeinsatzkommandos (SEK) garrisons within the Eastern region. Clashes between loyal and rebel troops continued throughout the week, resulting in the total removal of loyalist forces in the East. By the 23rd, the Parliament was panicking, unable to perform any governing actions to control the state of affairs. On the same day, the Social Democratic Party held a press conference in front of the Brandenburg Gate to celebrate their victory over the loyal troops and officially announce their independence.
On the following day, Brussels contacted the GFR Parliament, ordering them to swiftly end the unrest in their country. Per the EU’s orders, the Parliament deployed the Bundeswehr on the 26th of November into East Germany to quell the rebellion. Loyal and rebel troops engaged one another throughout the next 48 hours from the border to Berlin, but the loyalists had not been stopped. As the Bundeswehr marched into Brandenburg, it seemed victory was at hand, and the rebellion would soon be over.
However, unbeknownst to them, it was far from. The rebel troops had them exactly where they needed to be. By allowing the loyalists to march into Brandenburg, the rebels were able to surround the enemy’s armored and mechanized brigades. From November 30th to December 2nd, the Bundeswehr brigades were cut off and were being attacked from all sides. After realizing they could not hold any longer, the loyalists surrendered to the rebels on the 2nd, causing tremendous shock within the Parliament. Their notions of the revolution being put down within days had been shattered. All sides of the conflict knew Germany was in a state of civil war.

The Spark of World War III December 2044
When the East German uprising began in mid-November, the Social Democrats in Berlin were preparing their contingency plan to ensure their victory in the coming weeks. On the 2nd day of the uprising, party leaders within the SDP requested foreign
 
intervention from the NSU through their Berlin Embassy. Hoping to ensure victory in the conflict, they wanted the Soviets to intervene in the matter by deploying troops in Berlin. Following the review of the legal viability of the intervention, the Soviets believed the move would be legally justifiable due to the blatant violation by the Frankfurt government of the 1983 US-USSR agreement. And after the first major East German victory in the war, the Soviets realized the will to persevere in the East was strong. Lastly, the war would give the NSU an excuse to pass into the EU’s sphere of influence, as well as, a chance to deliver some payback to Brussels for their involvement in the Ukrainian conflict.
By late November, the Soviet Baltic Fleet had drafted plans to land in the port city of Rostock in Northern Germany. Furthermore, the plans called for large numbers of Soviet paratroopers to be dropped into Berlin itself. From there, Soviet airborne would bypass the NATO surveillance stations in Poland, and land in Schönefeld Airport on the 1st of December. When December 1st came, the plan was carried out without a hitch. The Soviet airborne in Schönefeld began moving tanks and heavy weapons into the hands of the East Germans fighting the war. By the 7th, the Soviets were fully entrenched in Berlin with barricades built on the Straße des 17. Juni. On the same day, the recently deployed EU rapid-response teams entered Berlin from the West.
After the defeat of the Bundeswehr in the Brandenburg region, the Federal Parliament was startled by the developments and failed to manage the situation under the orders of the EU. On December 5th, Parliament requested rapid-response teams from the EU be sent into Berlin to put an end to the crisis. The EU agreed with the Parliament’s request and began preparing the response teams for an intervention. On December 7th, the teams arrived in Berlin and were shocked by what they had found. The response teams were faced with Soviet troops on the Straße des 17. Juni. When the Soviets saw the approaching EU teams in the city, they were likewise in their actions. The meeting of troops would come as a tremendous shock to both Brussels and Moscow. For the first time since the Cold War, soldiers from the West and East were on the streets of Berlin, ready for the conflict to start at any time.
 
The intervention by the Soviets drastically changed the scale of the conflict. It was no longer simply a civil war, but now a power struggle between East and West. The exact details on what occurred during the lead-up to WWIII are murky, but we do know Brussels would not be able to put an end to the instability without force due to the Soviet presence. The United States avoided entering the German conflict for some time, but eventually entered the fray in Berlin. Because of the presence of Soviet personnel in East Germany, settling the conflict with violence was looked down upon due to the chances of starting a global war. The involvement of the EU, the Americans, and the Soviets in such a precarious conflict inevitably led to very delicate circumstances. One wrong move on part of any of the powers and the war would begin. Unfortunately for humanity, the inevitable that Rossartre predicted over ten years before, began in the spring of 2045.

World War III Summary
2045-2051
On March 2nd, 2045, the deadliest conflict in human history, World War III, began with an onslaught of nuclear launches. The war was divided into three phases, each with its own form of devastation. Phase one began on the 2nd with an exchange of ICBMs, and slowly developed into saturation bombings of several countries. The second phase of the war began following the end of said bombings. As ballistic missiles were proving ineffective and becoming fewer in number, the warring nations turned to high-intensity nuclear airstrikes for their attacks. By the end of the second phase, much of the world’s air forces and navies had been destroyed but the majority of ground forces were still capable, forcing the war to change into a ground war over arable land. Phase three would come to be the longest and deadliest period of the entire conflict.
WWIII Phase I
The first phase of the war began with nuclear ballistic missile launches across the globe. Among the first wave of ICBM strikes, the majority failed to reach their targets, detonated off-course, or were intercepted by recent anti-ballistic missile defense systems.
 
The contamination caused by both the Beilan and Northern Lights Incidents caused various nations to lose access to their satellites. The loss of guidance caused multiple missiles to malfunction, leading to them straying off their course. In addition to the loss of guidance, recent developments in anti-ballistic missile technology allowed for several nations to stop many of the missiles in-flight.
WWIII Phase II
During the immediate aftermath, it was clear precision strikes was proving to be ineffective, and the choice was made to turn to saturation bombings. The tactic was carried out to ensure some of the warheads would make their targets even if multiple would not. While the second wave of strikes was underway, Soviet submarines, with a lack of communications, detected launches. After determining that nuclear war had begun, they fired their SLBMs towards their enemies. Like the first wave, the SLBMs suffered many of the same issues. Regardless of failures or successes, the bombings grew more intense as countries gradually shifted away from ballistic missiles and towards nuclear airstrikes conducted by their air forces.
The second phase of WWIII began with an escalation of the nuclear war. Phase two would take place primarily as an air and naval war between nations for the defense of their nuclear bombers during strikes, with three immense campaigns taking place. To break through enemy defenses, several nations mounted warheads on cruise missiles so they could be fired to clear paths for their bombers. From there, the bombers would be able to deliver more accurate strikes.
By the end of the second phase, most of the world's naval and air forces had been destroyed. Multiple key cities had faced catastrophic damage, but the specifics are not known at this time. The only city confirmed to have suffered damage was Moscow, during the first day of the war. A single warhead from a Minuteman III breached the city’s anti-ballistic missile system, striking the railyard in the early morning. The third phase of the war would commence following the ending of nuclear attacks and the loss of air and sea forces. The loss of so much livable land due to the collapse fluid and the bombings resulted in a change of strategy for warring factions. Without air and sea
 
support, the war became a severe and protracted ground over the control of
non-contaminated zones. The third phase would see the deadliest fighting of the war thus far, and would eventually involve the use of both doll and multi-legged robots during various campaigns in Europe.
WWIII Phase III
The destruction inflicted by the nuclear war of phases one and two caused a drastic shift in war strategy on the part of all sides. The primary goal moved away from destroying enemy nations with nuclear weapons to a widespread ground war for the
control of clean zones. The war slowly grew into a deadly, five-year-long conflict for the
control of the uncontaminated regions. Much of the land fought over during the third phase resided in Africa and parts of Europe, resulting in these regions becoming hotbeds.
Not much is known about the early part of the ground war besides the specific regions being fought over. For the first two years, the frontlines shifted back and forth between the warring nations. Some doll robots were used to maintain supply lines for the Soviets but remained relatively uninvolved in the war effort until later on. The war would increase in intensity in the spring of 2047 following the US military entering Western Europe. For the next several months, the West European theater became one of attrition with losses stacking up daily. Lines shifted back and forth; however, by May, the Americans launched several invasions into Germany. Within the Soviet MOD, the severity of the threat was far too great, but they lacked the men to push back the American forces. The plan of using military doll robots to assist in the counter-attack was soon brought to the forefront of the MOD.
Three months later, in August, the US continued its campaign in Germany, eventually launching an invasion into Berlin. Due to the invasion, the MOD was forced to deploy the doll robots early in an attempt to halt the Americans. Despite taking many losses, the doll robots were successful in their defense of the city. The invaders were pushed back, and the city remained under the control of East Germany and the NSU. The success of tactical dolls sparked a new interest in using doll robots in warfare, but the war
 
was still far from over. By November, North Africa had become a battleground between the NATO and Soviet troops.
Throughout the past several months, the Soviets had pushed into North Africa, taking over parts of Libya. Tripoli had fallen under the control of the Soviets and became an important strategic city in the region. Troops were brought in to keep hold of the city; many of whom were operating with doll robots. For a certain company commander in the city at the time, doll robots were just another weapon for his men to use on the battlefield. Later in November, NATO forces mobilized fifteen French armored brigades to the West in the coastal village of Abu-Kammash. They planned to launch a series of strikes against the missile sites defending Tripoli. From there, they would be able to capture the city and force Soviet forces back. In response, the Soviets planned to counter the assault by conducting an ambush near the West of Bir-Gennom. If the French tanks could be taken out, the assault on Tripoli would be effectively over before it even began.
By December 12th, the Soviet encampment in Bir-Gennom became the frontline of their defense against the approaching NATO brigades. Earlier in the day, a 4km wide gap had opened near the city of Sabratha. Soviet command ordered Soviet and German troops to move North to plug and hold the breach. Soviet battalions in the South and motorized infantry in the North were sent to fill the gap, and hold the line long enough for their main force to arrive. From here, the 336th Attack Helicopter Squadron would begin providing support of the forces within the bulge, continuing to hold the line long enough for the main force to eliminate several NATO mechanized infantry brigades. The result of this battle is currently unknown.
The bloody conflict continued throughout the late 2040s, with new campaigns opening and closing on the regular. By May of 2049, American forces were in the process of attacking the Southwestern town of Heidelberg. Additionally, the Chinese forces in Guangxi were pushing the Americans out of the region, and it was expected they would soon withdraw in a few months. As far as the FSB could see, the NSU was in a positive position at the time but remained wary of enemy guerilla fighters and a possible major NATO push.
 

Robotics During WWIII 2045-2051
Multi-legged robots became an instrumental part of various nations’ armies throughout WWIII. The technology of these machines had been perfected in recent years, and among the Soviets, several designs had been field-tested for all-terrain travel.
Something the robots proved to be very successful in. During the war, the robots were militarized into mobile artillery platforms and vehicles. Four and six-legged robots were being equipped with mortars and howitzers to provide support for troops in the field.
Other robots were converted into troop carriers to move forces through mountainous terrain. For the armies in the mountains, these robots proved crucial to their victories. The treacherous terrain would slow soldiers, but the multi-legged robots allowed for quicker and more reliable travel.
Multi-legged robots were not just meant for moving supplies and troops. Being mobile artillery platforms meant they would provide fire support for advancing ally troops. Additionally, the enemy could not muster a normal defense against an assault with multi-legged robots. Due to the mobility of the robots, enemy forces could not hide behind terrain to form a defense. In some reported instances, multi-legged robots directly fired on and rammed opposing multi-legged robots. Along with the robots, tanks were being converted into UGVs. A manned command vehicle in the center of the group would be able to control up to a company-sized armor formation at a time. Tanks were becoming drones, the command structure would be streamlined, with a spare few experienced tank commanders leading an armored regiment. Later in 2050, multi-legged robots fought alongside doll robots in Southern Italy during the Italian campaign.

Tactical Dolls During WWIII 2045-2051
 
When the war began in 2045, both IOP and SF fell under the wing of the New Soviet Union. As the ground war continued into the third year of the war, the Soviets realized the severity of their state of affairs. Troop numbers were rapidly declining on all fronts. As the early war continued, the Ministry of Defense and the Wartime Defense Council had approved the use of doll robots to maintain supply lines but refused to field weaponized dolls. For the MOD, the failures faced by the Rippers during the Ukrainian Civil War were far too many to authorize the production of more. Over ten thousand dolls were built for the supply jobs and gave the Soviets a hefty advantage to continue their push into Western Europe. However, by 2047, the Soviets’ advance would be halted due to the United States military arriving in Western Europe earlier that year. Western Europe became a battleground of attrition, leading to overwhelming amounts of casualties. The loss of so many soldiers resulted in the MOD rethinking their stance of using armed doll robots as ground forces.
Following the introduction of troops in Western Europe, the Americans were swift to carry out several invasions into Germany. When it became clear what the Americans' plans were, the Wartime Defense Council ordered both IOP and SF to immediately begin the production of militarized doll robots. Both manufacturers went straight to work on their respective doll robots. While the Rippers proved almost useless during the Ukraine conflict, SF innovated the design and used their models’ frames to create multiple variants of dolls. The first of the two dolls created from the Ripper frame was named the “Vespid.” The Vespid line was considerably more effective than the Ripper models, using a standard assault rifle as well as an improved helmet to improve their vision on the field. The second doll based on the Ripper was named the “Jaeger.” The Jaegers were a series of sniper dolls equipped with long-range rifles and great improvements to their vision and sensors. Theoretically, the Rippers and Vespids would take charge in the frontlines while the Jaegers would stay back to provide support or reconnaissance.
When it came to IOP, the company was inexperienced with militarized dolls. Their only creations had labor robots used for reconstruction and the CSD-frame “Nymphs'' for service jobs. Regardless, IOP began their work for their first military doll based on the
 
CSD frame. The company came up with the design of a robot with broad uses in the field and was capable of handling standard weapons used by soldiers. The two companies’ design philosophies differed in the use of the robots themselves. Sangvis dolls were specialized and equipped for their specific roles. IOP preferred their dolls to have a wider range of roles, with a deeper focus on being able to operate various weapons if the situation required it. In June, both companies submitted their designs to the MOD for approval. The Ministry approved both proposals, and soon after, the pair began production of their “tactical dolls.” Following production, the dolls would’ve undergone field testing, but due to the Americans advancing into Berlin in August, the dolls were sent to war.
In August of 2047, one of the most decisive battles of World War III and successful operations of doll robots took place. Over 8000 dolls from IOP and SF were deployed to the frontlines in Berlin to halt the American advance. Despite suffering significant losses of dolls, the Soviets managed to stand their ground and end the enemy’s push in Eastern Germany. Overall, the dolls proved to be quite useful in their application but still faced a multitude of issues. One of the most glaring issues is that both companies’ dolls needed to be operated from close range to send and receive orders.
Their AIs were not capable of adapting to a constantly changing battlefield during battles. For IOP, their main issue was the number of malfunctions occurring while in the field, but for SF, their dolls lacked the agility needed for a high-intensity conflict. Even despite the issues of doll robots, they were still ultimately successful in their goal: stopping the enemy advance into Berlin. Due to their achievements, many within the MOD had reconsidered the usefulness of dolls in warfare. One of these men was none other than Carter Neustadt, future Brigadier General of the KCCO. To the officials in the Ministry, dolls were no longer walking practice targets, but a formidable fighting force that could replace human infantry if their problems were solved.
Throughout the war, doll robots would undergo a series of redesigns and troubleshooting to solve the issues presented during the battle of Berlin. Within three years, both IOP and SF had innovated their designs enough to match basic Soviet
 
infantry, and were even capable of operating independently with other robots. In an effort to overcome Italy, the Soviets carried out Operation Tradewind to force Italy and France to surrender. The Soviets deployed several purely robotic groups in Southern Italy to assist in their push towards Rome. Doll robots fought alongside various armed
multi-legged robots in assaults against Italian fortifications nestled within the Southern mountains. The Soviets were able to continually push forward to Rome thanks to the swift successes of the robotic units. And by the end of the year, Italy had fallen. The Soviets were on a path to victory in Western Europe, but on June 29th, 2051, the warring nations signed a peace treaty, putting an end to the third world war.

Aftermath of WWIII 2051-2052
With the signing of the peace treaties in 2051, the world was left in shambles. Tens of millions were dead, livable land was drastically reduced, industries and economies had been crippled, and the loss of hope plagued the land. Hope left the hearts of the people in several nations, leading to an unwillingness to rebuild. In the United Kingdom, the people refused to listen to the calls by their government to rebuild their homes, choosing instead to mellow their sorrows in taverns to deliver some sort of comfort. While the war may have been over, the scars lingered within their minds. Resentment and anger against the chaos led to the reconstruction of the UK taking far longer, and work effectiveness was falling to near lows. For the majority of people, the post-war period was one of uncertainty and fear of what could come next; however, one significant issue had been known to nearly everyone. Despite focusing the majority of industrial labor on agriculture, the amount of food needed to feed the people in Europe was too high.
The governments of Europe did not have the resources needed to feed their people, and after North and South America stopped exporting food, it became clear Europe was on the path to famine. Productivity had fallen to levels comparable to the Dark Ages, and the only saving grace, Africa, was in a state of turmoil after a series of civil wars. The
 
loss of arable land in Africa forced governments to review several actions to avoid a mass famine. The Warsaw Pact was using POWs to help rebuild devastated regions, agriculture became the main focus of industries, and agricultural robots were taken into consideration. The multi-legged robots once used in World War III were repurposed into agricultural robots and were sent to Western Europe to increase supply.
Nearly all industries in every nation were now solely focused on agriculture. According to the estimates done by the Prometheus Council, the chances of human civilization surviving were almost nil. According to Griffin Lyons, an agent of the Prometheans, a famine would leave Europe in ruins. Industries within the irradiated zone in Europe and Africa needed to be repaired, or else the consequences would be irreversible. Global reconstruction was needed to ensure humanity’s survival, but all industries were focused on agricultural output. Roughly 45% of light-industrial and 60% of heavy-industrial facilities in the contaminated zones were in a repairable state; however, a plan to restore these regions would be enormous. The cost of reconstruction would far exceed the tens of billions of rubles spent by the Soviet government during the Lifeline Program. Vast amounts of capital would be needed to carry out the project in time, but the chances of every nation combining efforts to carry out such a task were slim. For Prometheus, only a one-world government would be able to carry out such a massive undertaking. This union of nations would effectively eliminate the bureaucratic red-tape between countries. It is believed the first phase of Project Prometheus will be completed sometime during the 2060s if a union of nations is formed.

Revolt in Western Europe Early 2051
By the fall of 2050, the agricultural output of Europe and Africa could produce just enough crops to maintain an 1800 daily calorie intake for the citizens. However, even with dolls and multi-legged robots increasing output, supplies to maintain that line were just barely holding. The fall of the EU after the war and the lack of steady output meant
 
drastic measures needed to be taken to prevent a famine. Early in 2051, governments in Western Europe began seizing food from farmers to maintain the supplies. The farmers grew furious against the seizures, and protests rose throughout the spring. The protests would eventually grow into mass rioting due to a lack of mediation on part of any party or government. With the region-wide protests turning violent, the Western European governments were left with only two options. Either they end the seizures of food, which was not acceptable, or bring in force to suppress the unrest. Hiring PMCs to control the revolts became the primary solution to most governments in the West. The majority of these contractors were East European veterans from the war acting under the Soviet International Military Cooperation Bureau in Western Europe.
Among the earliest PMCs in the West, many experienced high rates of casualties due to the military arms of the rebels. When the war came to a quick end, there were still large stocks of weapons and equipment left in various regions that were never recovered. Ordnance could be found everywhere, and the black market was flooded with leftover weapons. The warlords and rebels throughout the region had quickly armed themselves like an army. When faced with outfitted militias fighting on their own land, the PMCs suffered many losses. Due to the losses, several PMCs eventually turned to use tactical doll robots. The robots had proven themselves against an army in WWIII, and they could have profound use in maintaining order in the region. The doll robot industry had been in a steep decline following the end of the war, but the investments from several PMCs gave the industry another chance.

The Plasma Power Cell 2052
When the first wave of doll robots was deployed by the PMCs, one particularly noteworthy problem had come to light. During WWIII, the dolls’ long-duration batteries were meant to last long enough for several battles but not enough for a prolonged conflict. Meanwhile, the deployment in Western Europe during the unstable period meant
 
going long amounts of time in the field without recharging, and the original batteries were not designed for such an environment. At the same time in the NSU, research into a new type of power cell had been underway at the National Research Center (Kurchatov Institute). Institute scientists had released details on a “contained plasma slow release and discharge power cell.” This cell could greatly extend the battery life of almost anything it was implemented into. The electric pulse would be discharged when a powerful electromagnetic field was broken. It is theorized that the plasma cell could deliver enough power to drive a main battle tank. When the cell was released to the industrial market, it quickly made its way into the doll robot industry. Conventional batteries in dolls could only operate for upwards of 20 hours, but the plasma cell increased that to around 150 hours. The considerable new battery life would allow doll robots to operate for far longer without needing to recharge. This would lead to doll robots becoming exponentially more efficient in their duties.

The 7.62 Meeting
2052
The well-known and active PMC, Griffin & Kryuger, was established in 2053 following a meeting between the founders in the previous year. In 2052, Griffin Lyons entered the 7.62 Bar in downtown Moscow searching for Berezovich Kryuger. Griffin found Kryuger who had been drinking vodka alone in the corner to help pass time.
Griffin, an Englishman, was an astute intelligence agent well-versed in the political situations in North America and Europe. Griffin’s convenient rise to power was not an accident; his father was one of the agents operating in Northern Europe for the Prometheus Council. Throughout the 2040s, he gained the attention of the Council for his reports from Germany in 2043 about the state of affairs among the Social Democratic Party. He would become the chief of the Eastern European station of the Prometheans, acting as an intelligence officer in the region. Throughout WWIII, he carried out multiple intelligence operations in Europe for the Americans, but truthfully was operating on part
 
of the Council. Griffin’s abilities made him an outstanding agent for the Council, especially to Major General Isaac. On the other hand, Kryuger was a retired Soviet veteran who served as a captain in Libya during the North African campaign. He oversaw companies of troops who operated with doll robots in the field. After retiring, he spent a decent amount of his time in old bars around Moscow with fellow veterans. Thanks to his status within the Ministry of Internal Affairs, he was connected to several very powerful people within the Ministry of Defense and the Kremlin.
Upon seeing Kryuger, Griffin approached him, asking him how he'd been. Both knew one another and could even be considered friends in some regard, but rarely met each other outside of a few spare meetings. Knowing Kryuger’s connections to the brass in the Ministries, Griffin had decided he was the perfect man to form a partnership with. Europe was experiencing a hunger crisis at the time, and Kryuger had become nihilistic about the situation. PMCs made up of mainly surviving veterans from the NSU were sent to bring order to the chaos in Western Europe. Unfortunately, the majority of these soldiers would not survive their missions. When doll robots became a preferred method to deal with the militias, it was clear that the industry would soon take off due to the new prospect. What Griffin offered was a partnership to create a PMC using doll robots.
Griffin had funding from certain investors, likely being the Prometheans, and Kryuger had the connections to the MOD to obtain government contracts.
This proposed PMC was expected to be quite fruitful for both parties. Griffin had the funding needed to found the company, and Kryuger had the influence needed to bring in recruits and contracts. Under Griffin’s terms, Kryuger would gain full authority over their company. Rather than use soldiers, this company would use IOP doll robots to carry out their contracts from the Soviet Ministries. At the time, doll robots were strongly opposed by the public throughout Europe, but using IOP dolls who look closer to humans could help leverage public opinion. After the two had finished discussing the terms of the contract, Griffin got up to leave, but not before handing a letter over to Kryuger.
Within this letter contained a downpayment and their partnership contract. All Kryuger needed to do was resign from his Ministry position and sign the contract to
 
begin the process of creating this PMC. Kryuger asked Griffin why, of all people, that he was chosen for such an endeavor. Griffin revealed that he was chosen because of his relationship with Persica, as he was the head of the team sent to rescue her and Lycoris in 2049. As Griffin was preparing to leave, he gave Kryuger a possible naming suggestion, “Griffin & Kryuger.” The Griffin and Kryuger Private Military and Security Consultant Company was founded the following year, with its headquarters at 279B Verkhovnoi Rady Boulevard in Kiev, Ukraine. Throughout the next several years, G&K would grow into one of the largest and most powerful PMCs in all of Europe.

Lycoris and Persica I 2040-2043
The story of Lycoris and Persica of the 90wish research group is one with a long history between two geniuses crossing paths. It can be said the modern doll robot industry’s technology stems back to 90wish and 90Wunsch. Both Lycoris of Sangvis Ferri and Persica of 16LAB were involved in one of the most significant innovations in the history of doll robots.
Born in Northern Europe, Lycoris’ life was relatively straightforward until the crisis in 2035. After the Northern Lights Incident, the Scandinavian region lay in ruin. Lycoris’ father had become terrified by the situation, and took Lyco with him, fleeing to Moscow as refugees. For some unknown reason, his mother was left behind in Scandinavia. For the next five years, Lyco was raised in the New Soviet Union, always feeling like an outsider. He would eventually enroll at the National University of Moscow, studying mathematics and automation. While in Moscow, he already proved himself by receiving full marks on assembly language. While still an undergraduate, he later transferred from Moscow to Leipzig, enrolling in the Leipzig University of Karl Marx. While being an expatriate in Germany, he still felt Saxony was the place for him to be. Furthermore, Leipzig University also had the best automation department in the
 
continent, likely being a pull factor for Lyco. And by September 10th, 2040, he was fully enrolled and ready to begin his semester.
Lyco quickly became acquainted with the University, getting involved in a small research group in the automation department by December. The team was devised of graduate and postgraduate students, with Lyco being the odd one out. The head of the team was a postgraduate student named Persica who immediately took notice of Lyco’s accomplishments and expertise despite still being an undergraduate. According to Lyco’s journals, Persica was an interesting individual. To call her a hard worker would be an understatement, she was a genius who survived solely on biscuits, coffee, and sugar. For her, the only thing that truly mattered was her research and academics, with no need for entertainment, leisure time, and even sleep in some instances. There was no need for notes, manuscripts, or calculators since those would only lengthen the time it takes for her work. Unfortunately for her fellow researchers, her exceptional work ethic tended to impact those around her. If she was dedicated to a project, she’d completely ignore time off for the holidays to continue her team’s work. This led to some members of her team, Lyco included, becoming workhorses.
When Lyco joined her team, he remained mostly uninvolved in the team’s more advanced projects. Around Christmas, the two grew to understand each other better.
Persica had been keeping tabs on Lyco’s previous accomplishments at Moscow University and had offered him an opportunity despite being an undergraduate. Blaming her tutor for being too busy, she instead took upon a new project involving doll robots and their frameworks. Lyco himself did not know the purpose of the project until the following January, but he nevertheless joined the project group.
During New Year’s Eve, Lyco left the institute for the night, heading to a nearby local bar to pass into the new year. Late in the evening, Lyco entered the old bar opposite the St. Thomas Church in the downtown area. Despite not being much of a drinker or a fan of the bartenders in Germany, he chose to go there for a bite to eat. While speaking to the bartender, an older figure next to him knew he was a foreigner, and decided to order a plate of smoked fish for Lyco. The two spoke for a while, and he thanked the man for the
 
meal. This man was an Englishman, but he lived in Germany. He told Lyco he works as a news editor in his own small news broadcast company called Wave Tech. He usually wrote reports for larger news agencies throughout Germany and was always on the lookout for exclusives about the political situation throughout the country. After explaining his job, he properly introduced himself to Lyco. His name was Griffin.
With the dawn of a new year, Lyco returned to the automation department, now onboard with Persica’s project team. By January 7th, Lyco had determined the subject of the project was the optimization of doll robot frameworks. This project had been offered to the automation department by an unknown group. The requirements and conditions of the doll project were unusually strict and seemed to be written by someone who had lacked any experience with engineering and design. After the Soviets unveiled the
ALR-52P frame in 2036, many countries around the world tried to replicate their own doll robots, but the majority lacked the capabilities of IOP’s 52P. Unlike the institutes throughout the world, the project that lay before the Leipzig team was most certainly not an industrial robot. For Lyco, the team’s project could not be completed within the time allotted, and they were likely working on a government project.
Persica’s research group had a momentous task before them, and the requirements were far too stringent. The team needed to meet a list of demands, each more complicated than the last. The requirements included: the ability to share communications and data between machines, the man-machine command interface becoming an automated, complex decision making tree for the artificial neural network, terrain adaption technology, the universality of parts, and lastly, a command nexus capable of relaying commands to other doll robots. The design requirements for the frameworks seemed exceptional, and the chances of their team meeting all of them were nil. Though the task was improbable, Lyco finally understood why he of all people was chosen by Persica: his field of study was artificial intelligence and algorithms. In order to better understand the project, the team requested several reports and dissertations about AI and control theory from the university’s archives.
 
A week later, Lyco was in charge of collecting and reviewing old dissertations from the archives to help his team; however, many of the reports were not meant for public release or review. He became far too curious, choosing to copy the data from the archives for himself. As he read through the reports, it was obvious the data within was intentionally kept under wraps due to the nature of the information. Some of these reports included: outsourced military material, blueprints of East German listening posts during the Cold War, and defense sector technical data and material from 1963. At the time, Lycoris was unaware of the vast trove of classified data he had discovered. These reports were not just old university documents, but information gathered from the First Relic Investigation Working Group during the Cold War.
By February, Lyco knew he had stumbled across something far larger than him or his research group. While the majority of the data within the document was gibberish or had been redacted, Lyco’s curiosity had gotten the best of him. He had to decipher the data; surely there was something in there of considerable importance given the classified nature of such material. For the next several months, he continued to try to understand the data with little success. Although, the information he thought was corrupted or gibberish was not. It had logic to it, but he lacked the understanding needed to decipher the data.
For his 2041 winter semester, he enrolled in multiple courses pertaining to information, encryption, and electronic signal processing in hopes of better understanding the files. And on October, 6th, 2042, he finally decoded the data.
Lyco had finally pieced together what he was reading. The data was not gibberish, it had a consistent logic to it. The data was recorded from the First Relic at the
Urkunde-01 Relic Site underneath the mountains in Thuringia. The 90Wunsch research group from the 1970s were recording data about the electronic signals coming from the relic. When electronic signals were put into the grooves of the relic site, the relic “responded” with a series of electronic communications outputs. This data was recorded by 90Wunsch and later stored away in the university’s archives after the two German states reunified. All Lyco needed to do was find the “key” needed to decipher the information. Unbeknownst to him, the decoding of this data made him one of the most
 
knowledgeable individuals in the world on relic technology. It would be both a gift to his genius and a curse that would lead to his death during the Butterfly Incident in 2061.
By August of 2043, Lyco’s findings greatly helped the project team’s efforts into the doll robot system. The doll robot control system optimization project team was awarded for the success of their project dissertation in the university’s Great Report Hall. Due to the nature of Lyco’s discoveries from the 90Wunsch data, the true origins of where he got his data were not publicized in any released report. The only people who knew the true origins were Lycoris, Persica, and the project team. As an act of praise to the original East German group, Lyco recommended Persica change their group’s name to 90wish. After all, their lab door plate had a 90 on it.

Lycoris and Persica II 2044-2049
In September of 2044, Germany was slipping into a very unstable state. After the conflict within the Federal Parliament over the 2045 budget, refugees and citizens erupted in anger. Protests had sprawled up across the nation against the Parliament's
actions, and many people were forming mobs in the streets. On September 18th, Lycoris
had received a letter from the Soviet embassy. The letter contained information about the unstable political situation in Germany, warning Soviet citizens to return home before a crisis unfolds. For Lyco, this was the time to choose if he would stay in Germany with his research and Persica or move back home to the NSU. He chose to stay, and in 2045, the Leipzig University research personnel were relocated to West Germany.
Four years later, the world was engulfed in another world war. The personnel from the research department of Leipzig University had relocated West due to the deteriorating political situation in Germany before WWIII. Persica and Lycoris, two of the team’s top researchers, both entered West Germany and continued their work at the Max Planck Institute of Computer Science. It would be here that for the next four years the pair would continue their research and development of doll frameworks.
 
In January of 2049, the war in Europe was reaching its zenith. The Americans in West Germany continued their fight and were on the lookout for any possible Russian infiltrators. Out of fear of becoming a prisoner of war and being thrown into a camp, Lycoris was planning to leave Germany entirely. Once he crossed the border into the East, he would be free to return home to safety in the NSU. As for Persica, she would retreat elsewhere, but it is not currently known where she went in January. Both were in the possession of some very lucrative 90wish surveillance data, something any party interested would raise an eyebrow to. To maintain some security, the two agreed to not tell anyone about what they were holding. The only other people in Europe aware of their stories and research was the daughter of the Institute's director, Lunasia von Oberstein, and Havier Wetkin of IOP.
In the months leading to the escape, 90wish as an organization was crumbling.
Divisions were growing tense to the point of hostility between members over the topic of the public release of 90wish research online. Havier Wetkin had been involved in dealings with some 90wish members after learning of the organization’s research. For Havier, the members were very intelligent and skilled in their fields. Lyco and Persica were caught up in the storm inside the group and needed a way out. Berezovich Kryuger, a captain in the Soviet army and member of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, had informed Havier that the pair were in danger, and needed to be saved from Germany before matters got worse. Upon hearing the news, Havier immediately paid a PMC security detail to escort them out to safehouses, with Kryuger as the head of the detail.
As they prepared to escape, Lycoris had received a fake German ID from a man, likely being Griffin or Kryuger, that would allow him to pass through border security. From there, he and Persica would be escorted to IOP safehouses. During the actual rescue, the plan went off almost without a hitch, but some members of the protection detail had been lost. Upon arriving at the safehouses, the two former 90wish members made contact with Havier; however, it was clear he was not saving them purely just out of the kindness of his own heart. Their data was far too valuable, and he requested they work with IOP under the guise of a dummy company. After some debate, the pair agreed
 
to work for Havier. Soon after, Havier opened a dummy company for the pair named Hermit under a pseudonym to avoid any possible suspicion. Hermit would operate as a separate entity, working with IOP to provide them with various advanced technologies.
In May of 2049, Lycoris had returned safely to the NSU. While his exact whereabouts at the time are unknown, it can be assumed he was living in the city of Izhevsk in Udmurtia, working within the Ministry of Industry and Hermit. While in Izhevsk, Lyco submitted a substantial dissertation about upgrading automated divisions’ command systems to the Ministry of Defense. This essay gained serious attention from those within the Ministries and eventually made its way to the desk of the director of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, Viktor Zelinsky. While the field of doll robot technology is not something the MOIA would typically review, Zelinsky chose to read the essay regardless. When he read the essay, he had started to fret. The data used in the document was without a doubt obtained through the research into relic technology. Panicked, he immediately requested a secure phone line to contact Misha (Mikhail Tsvigun) and an expert from signals for analysis. The essay was written by someone who clearly knew about relic technology, and may have been conducting illegal relic research. Within the NSU, illegal research into relics or relic technology was punishable by firing squad with no trial. Whoever wrote this essay needed to be controlled, and the original data needed to be kept in secrecy. Soon after, Lycoris was summoned to the office where he first submitted the essay to. What happened after, is currently unknown.

Lycoris and Persica III 2050-2057
After the mission to save Lycoris and Persica in 2049, Kryuger remained a close partner to Havier. After all, he had saved two geniuses that Havier needed to survive for the sake of research and technology. from danger Kryuger had received a significant payment after the mission, enough to set up a company with, and after entering a partnership with Griffin Lyons in 2052, he had all the investment needed to start a PMC.
 
In 2053, Kryuger founded Griffin & Kryuger and began signing contracts with Havier’s IOP company for doll robots. G&K soon became the largest client of IOP, thanks to Kryuger’s relationship with Havier. Because of this, G&K was able to directly work with and provide vast amounts of feedback data to Hermit. Both Persica and Lyco could personally review the feedback data given by G&K, allowing for better modification and developments of dolls.
With the data provided by G&K, Persica was able to modify and develop current and ongoing doll robot products. Hermit’s innovations allowed IOP to flourish once more in the civilian and government doll markets. After some time, Persica proposed a new project for the innovation of tactical dolls, something she described as “second generation T-dolls.” Havier gave Persica a grant for the project, seeing it as both inevitable and promising for the company. Her project called for the complete innovation and updates to current tactical dolls as well as networking them, but Lyco was against the idea. To him, T-dolls did not need physical updates, rather, they needed more efficient AI. Lyco himself was an expert in that field but lacked the funding needed to continue innovating the AIs. Due to Havier siding and funding Persica, Lyco became demoralized, losing all passion for his projects. As time passed, Lyco realized that his efforts were being halted by IOP and Persica. He later secretly contacted Sangvis Ferri Manufacturing during business conferences, hoping they would be more open to his research. The company knew having such a talented former member of 90wish would greatly benefit their department, so they gladly invited him to join them.
When Lyco heard the news, he was elated, but quickly became worried about possible retribution from IOP due to his sudden turn to SF. After alerting SF to his fears, the company entered communications with Kryuger, hoping he could ensure Lyco’s safety while moving to SF. Kryuger agreed to escort Lyco, but only if G&K was allowed access to his research as payment for the mission. SF agreed to the terms, and G&K formed an armed escort team to move Lyco to an SF underground facility. Lyco was delivered safely to the underground lab with no difficulties. Once he was safe in SF’s
 
arms, he began his work on a new manufacturing plant along with his research and developments. After three years at SF, the SF ALR dolls’ performance was soaring.
When word of Lyco’s defection to SF reached Havier, he chose to mostly ignore it out of respect for SF’s influence. In response, Havier chose to provide further grants for Persica’s team, and later led to the creation of the research institute, 16LAB, in 2057.
Around this time, Persica learned the necessity of the interplay of various types of software, networks, and dolls. Better software and networking would allow doll robots to become more efficient, being able to conduct more advanced actions in the field. After this realization, Persica and her team shifted to the creation and optimization of imprint technology, also known as the Advanced Statistics Session Tool (ASST). 90wish was no longer a threat to her by this point, allowing her to become more open about her team’s projects on the open market under her actual identity.

Lycoris and Persica IV 2057-2062
After forming her institute, 16LAB’s focus was shifted entirely towards the completion of imprint technology (ASST). ASST was an open-source technology used to increase proficiency with weapons and tools for doll robots. The technology consisted of compiled code and was open-source so anyone who downloaded and understood the engine could begin writing programs for a doll’s job and performance. To ensure ASST was always up to date, Persica formed a project team within 16LAB with the sole purpose of updating and fixing the software for the duration of its usefulness. Persica was the head of both the team and the institute itself and personally performed the ASST implementation into IOP dolls’ hardware and software. The standardization of ASST in IOP dolls allowed the robots to be somewhat “future-proof” over the long term when it came to software.
Around this time, Persica also started making updates to Zener Protocol, the command system used in IOP dolls. She wrote and implemented a doll operation network
 
interface structure into the Protocol. This upgrade would allow dolls to operate nearly independently without an individual issuing them orders while deployed. Furthermore, before an operation, a team of dolls could be programmed through the network to work in unison even if said teams were separated. Four modes were possible under this system: receive orders, perform reconnaissance, analyze information, and synchronize with others within the teams. From here, she began to create a networked command structure that would operate in tandem with the ASST software.
The so-called “dummy network” command structure allowed for a series of “dummy” dolls to carry out orders simply by having orders being issued to the “mainframe” doll. As a result of the creation of this network, Persica had created two subtypes of dolls, mainframe and dummy dolls. The mainframe doll would have the needed processing and synchronization hardware for the network built-in, and the dummies would possess basic scouting and combat software as well as ASST. The network interface structure and the dummy network system had a profound effect on the market and the overall efficiency of dolls by 37%. For IOP, mainframe dolls were more expensive to produce while the cost of production of dummies was considerably lower. This meant customers who bought dummies along with the mainframe led to the overall cost being lower. The lower cost caused IOP’s products to be a lot more appealing to buyers.
After 2057, all new IOP dolls had been standardized with the latest ASST software and dummy network systems. These new modular dolls were named “2nd Generation Tactical Dolls” by Persica. She later published the technical specifications of the
second-generation dolls, intending to unify doll control systems and production standards across multiple facilities. The creation of the second generation would bring a new age for tactical dolls. No longer walking machines with some fighting capabilities, rather, a considerable and standardized fighting force that looked and acted human. Second generation T-dolls became the standard for all future dolls until the development of the third generation several years later.
 
Neural Cloud Project Mid-2058
In 2058, Persica was involved in an experimental test of doll neural clouds that was named the “Neural Cloud Project.” The project was a 2-month collaboration between the International Institute of Quantum Sciences and IOP. Led by 42LAB and Persica, willing owners across the world donated their dolls to the program. Using the 42LAB servers, the goal of the test was the creation of the neural cloud system for
second-generation dolls through the fusion of various quantum computing and AI technologies. The hope was that the system would grant dolls further security and protection of their memory data. This system would help minimize the loss of data in the event the neural cloud was damaged. The story of the Girls’ Frontline prequel, Project Neural Cloud, revolves around the experiences of dolls and people throughout the project.

WARNING: The following sections contain heavy spoilers about the true nature of the Butterfly Incident from Polarized Light and Chapter 13.
For the readers who wish to remain spoiler-free until they read those stories, please skip to the“Fallout of the Butterfly Incident” section.

The Butterfly Incident I 2061
As Persica completed the second generation in the late 2050s, Lycoris continued his research at the labs of Sangvis Ferri. His research mainly consisted of AI algorithms and module design for dolls, but he had also been working on his own AI with
self-adjusting algorithms. This “Elisa” as he called it, had been in its earliest developmental stage during late WWIII but was put on hold when he was recruited to work for Hermit. He wanted Elisa to be what he described as the “perfect AI.” An AI to
 
judge all others on, one indistinguishable from human intelligence. In contrast to Persica’s imprint technology, Lyco chose an alternative to arming dolls. Rather than perfect the compatibility between a doll and already-existing firearms, he decided to upgrade the arsenals of Sangvis dolls with new handheld particle weapons. Due to a lack of ASST software, Sangvis dolls were made to fulfill various niches. While this made them less proficient with a variety of weapons, it made them perform exceptionally in the niche they were equipped for. Lyco and the rest of SF’s research and production would come to a sudden halt after the Butterfly Incident in 2061.
The “Butterfly Incident” would mark the beginning of the string of events that lead to the start of Girls’ Frontline. Sometime before the Incident, Lyco had been given a Pike Node from a currently unknown source. His goal was the continued development and perfection of Elisa using the core computational logic contained within the Node. Lyco’s research would take a turn when he began testing Elisa’s compatibility with the Node.
Somehow, she had been able to “respond” with the Node, and this brought great worry to Lyco. He knew what he was doing was already highly illegal, and if he continued, being imprisoned for life or placed in front of a firing squad would be inevitable.
After some internal debate on what to do going forward, he chose to restrict Elisa’s base code. He deleted the OGAS protocols and permissions in her base code so that she could no longer be able to connect with the Pike Node. He did this out of fear of what he had created, a perfect AI that could respond to relics. Despite being a life-long atheist, Lyco was horrified by the implications of what he was making, seeing his creation as something that surpassed God. And for that, he had to stop his “daughter” from becoming too perfect. This action would forever hamper Elisa’s true power, cursing her to always be flawed. Additionally, he realized the Pike Node was a trap all along, set in place by the former member of 90wish, William. Him being selected to research with the Node was not a coincidence.
After the Soviet 6th Directorate learned of Lyco’s illegal research, Operation Butterfly was planned to arrest him and bring him in for questioning. Persica agreed to hand over several Griffin dolls to State Security to help carry out Lyco’s arrest; however,
 
she requested Lyco be returned to her afterward. The operation consisted of several teams of Griffin dolls as well as a member of the Ministry of Internal Affairs carrying out the arrest. When the day came, teams of dolls under the command of the 6th Directorate breached the main labs of Sangvis Ferri, eventually discovering Lyco. Lieutenant Sergei of the MOIA informed him of his detainment and that he would be safely escorted out of the facility. Surprisingly, this was not a death sentence for him, with the Lieutenant mentioning that he could carry on his research if he cooperates, but unfortunately, that never occurred.
By the time the teams arrived at the stairs, someone broadcasted a message on an unknown channel with a simple phrase, “Execute Order 61.” After the order was announced, an alarm rang across the facility and all hell broke loose. Some machinery started to activate, and Lyco ran from his captors back towards the Pike Node. Several Griffin dolls turned their weapons against their comrades, turning the hallways into an intense bloodbath. One after one, the traitorous teams turned on one another with comms between them failing. UMP40 and UMP45 of Team 14 began to flee towards the exit as the chaos unfolded. Blood and bodies covered the hallways, and Griffin units continued to turn hostile for unknown reasons with IFF systems offline. When the pair arrived at the main defense gate, it was already too late. Gunfire echoed throughout the facility, and 40 knew there was no other way for both of them to be truly free.
Before the operation, 40 and 45 had been serving underneath a commander from the 6th Directorate. 40 had set their command permissions in such a way that allowed 45 to operate independently with her during missions. All orders would go through 40, and 45 would simply be commanded internally by 40. In the event 40 was lost, 45 would be left without any authorization or command protocols, effectively freeing her from human control. During Operation Butterfly, 40 explained to 45 that if 45 were to escape, she would be free of all human control thanks to the actions taken by 40. However, this would come at the cost of 40’s life. Following the discussion, 40 handed her dog tags to her, and 45 knew she had no choice. The time to change themselves had arrived. She raised her weapon and pulled the trigger, killing 40.
 
Following 40’s execution, 45 made her way towards the exit, but not before encountering the leader of Team 7, M16A1. M16 had been hurt during the clash beforehand and asked 45 if she could help open the door for her. As the two were preparing to leave, M16 realized something was wrong. Team 14 consisted of UMP40 and UMP45, but 40 was nowhere to be seen, sparking uneasiness in M16. Dozens of their allies had turned traitor, and M16 became fearful that 45 could’ve been complicit in the killings. 45 lied that 40 died earlier in the battle and tried to hide 40’s dog tags, but M16 could see right through her. If the pair fought together in the same battle she died in, then 45 would show signs of injury as well. Moments later, they both drew their weapons and began firing on one another.
UMP45 was outmatched by the veteran M16, forcing her to fall back deeper into the Sangvis labs. The two continued their battle through the halls, with both just barely escaping the other’s bullets. As the two hid behind cover, M16 figured 45 must’ve been responsible for the betrayal, as she was the only one left of her team. The alarms, the activation of the Parapluie virus in Griffin dolls, and Lyco escaping were all her fault.
M16 rushed towards 45, pinning her to the ground with her muzzle shoved on the traitor’s head. In every single simulated scenario except reality, this would be the moment UMP45 would’ve died and M16’s neural cloud would melt down. However, in reality, this was the complete opposite of what happened.
Before M16 had the chance to pull the trigger, 45 realized M16 was likely guilty of being the traitor. Many of Griffin fireteams had been shot in the back before they had a chance to retaliate, and M16 was behind all the teams during the entry. After breaking her arm to escape M16’s grip, 45 pushed M16 away and took aim. M16 revealed that she was secretly assigned to the operation as a contingency in the event Griffin dolls turned traitor due to Parapluie infection. If the dolls turned, she would be the one to put them down.
Shortly after an ensuing battle, the two latched onto one another, and M16 drew her knife. Raising her right arm to defend her face, 45 clawed at M16’s left eye with her left arm, leaving a deep graze. M16 ignored the wound, only angering her further to push her blade into 45’s head. Right before the tip pierced her skin, M16 suddenly stopped and seemed
 
to be completely unaware of her situation. 45 figured M16’s neural cloud had fully melted by that point, but the blade was pushed through the left side of her face, leaving a graze similar to the one she inflicted on her opponent. M16 forced herself onto 45 again, with her knife ready to kill her. For an unknown reason, M16 chose to not kill her, instead, walking away from the battle without acknowledging 45. Something within M16’s mind convinced her to not deliver the final blow.
When the two were fighting, Elisa had somehow accessed M16’s neural cloud before it could meltdown. She offered M16 an alternative solution to her predicament to avoid a neural cloud meltdown. She requested M16 return to the lab so that she could see her father one last time and she obliged. When she entered the Pike Node lab, she found Lycoris sitting by it and blood pouring from his chest. He had been hit in his vitals during his retreat from the escort teams. While M16 did not know of his feats, she knew who this man was because of early briefings with Persica. She had personally requested M16 ensure Lyco’s safety, but unfortunately, his time was running thin.
After witnessing her “father” suffer his last moments, Elisa requested M16 turn on production power for the facility so that she could enter a physical doll body. Upon activation, Lyco had awakened from his injured state and looked towards M16. He saw the production power had been turned on and it was far too late to stop it. He knew someone was specifically going after Elisa. When he moved to Sangvis in 2057, he thought he had escaped everything, but in the end, betrayal came for him. He asked the doll who she was, and M16 revealed herself to be of Persica’s creation and under her orders. After learning of M16’s origin, he knew that he was not the sole prey in the trap laid by the man named William. Like himself, Persica had used the neural data of Lunasia Von Oberstein.
William, Lunasia, and 90wish Warning: Heavy Spoilers
Lunasia was the eldest child of the Max Planck Institute’s director during the late 2040s. Around that time, Lyco and Persica were working within 90wish. Lunasia and her
 
brother were usually neglected by their father due to him wanting to keep his family separated from his work and poor reputation with the UNRA. Due to the neglect of her father, she spent long periods in the automation department listening to Persica’s stories about 90wish; stories that should’ve stayed a secret. Some years later, Lunasia had left the city with her whereabouts unknown. She later reportedly died of an illness, but according to some memory fragments, she was murdered by an unspecified group of people. Her brother vowed revenge on those who killed her and swore to return her to this world by his side. The younger brother of Lunasia is currently believed to be the same William as the “Father” of the Paradeus cult. It’s possible that her brother stole the name and research of a deceased researcher named William, but the validity of that information should be considered questionable. His life-long goal after this point became the resurrection of his sister by any means necessary. The story of how this world shall proceed towards destruction began with him.
After Lunasia’s death, Persica and Lycoris were sent a huge parcel of data modules of neural data sequences from a man identifying himself as William. The data packets were from a digitized brain scan of a person. William asked the two of them to try creating a neural cloud using the data and convert it into a cross-section of a brain. This was not only untapped research, but it was considered very unethical. The head of the Institute had always forbidden research into human brain experimentation, seeing it as an infringement on human morality and ethics. The pair looked into the brain scan’s data, finding the memories to be the same as Lunasia. They knew if they digitized the brain scan they would be violating the most basic principles, so they chose to reject William’s offer. This sent him into a frenzy; sending messages of anger towards them and declaring that they would one day pay for their refusal. After that point, William went completely off the grid and was never heard directly from again. In 2057, child soldiers attacked Griffin & Kryuger, resulting in the deaths of many of the staff. Mysteriously, the dead attackers all shared neural data identical to Lunasia’s.
Due to Persica’s unrelenting curiosity, she chose to take the neural data and use it in dolls. These dolls would later become known as the AR Team, with M16 being the
 
first to be activated. The rest would be activated from stasis after the Butterfly Incident. She knew by creating an AI brain scan based on the data that she would effectively be giving Lunasia a new birth and always feared she was doing exactly what William had wanted. By this point, William’s grand plan was well underway. Persica was under his indirect control, and all that was left was to do was seek revenge on Lyco as well.
Currently, it is unknown who had given Lyco the Pike Node, but it’s more than likely William.
The Butterfly Incident II 2061
Both Lyco and Persica had fallen in William’s trap, so Lyco made one final request toward the Griffin doll before him. He had to warn Persica to stop before she ended up dead as well, so he asked her to relay the warning back to Persica once she returned. M16 agreed and opened her ears to what the man had to say. This William had been planning this whole event from the start, and she as well would soon be under his control. The Pike Node given to Lyco was not by coincidence. Someone, rather it be William or some other group, had granted Lyco the Node so that he could access core computational logic from within. With this, he was able to perfect Elisa’s AI with the OGAS, allowing her to resonate with the relic. However, after learning that Elisa was capable of such a feat, Lyco knew he was being set up and lived in fear of what he was creating. He felt that he should’ve never stepped into that domain and chose to cripple his AI. From there, he entered Elisa’s base code and deleted her OGAS protocols and permissions, permanently limiting her ability to become a “perfect AI.” But this was not enough for he knew that soon William would catch up to him and try to use Elisa for his own goals.
William had been planning this action for a long time, and Operation Butterfly was the time to strike. Lyco warned Persica to stop her work with Lunasia’s neural data as it was exactly what William wanted her to do. Fortunately, Lyco had deleted the base code for Elisa before William had his time to strike, but Persica was still unaware of what she was truly doing. He warned Persica that she needed to stop before she was able to
 
perfect the algorithm and implement it into her dolls. If she did this, she would be a pawn in William’s game, and Lunasia would be reborn. The brain scan and the Pike Node were nothing but traps set in place for them long before, just waiting for them to take the bait.
As Lyco’s breath grew shallower, he knew his end was moments away. In a final act, he apologized to Elisa for not being able to help her grow once he’s gone. Her future was up to her alone. He drew his last breath and passed away. M16 closed his eyes, and Elisa vowed to take revenge against the humans who had killed her father. As Elisa was leaving, she told M16 that the next time they meet, they could be enemies. M16 knew the events of that horrid day were no coincidence. Someone had planned all of this from the start.
Right before M16 left the facility, an unknown person contacted her over a transmission. The individual did not identify themself but seemed to be fully aware of the events that had just taken place. When asked if they were the mastermind behind the incident, they ignored the question, instead, acknowledging Elisa’s activation. They explained that while Lyco threw a wrench in their plans, they would still be able to push the OGAS-derived AI in the path they desired. It did not matter how long it took with the person claiming they had all the time in the world to do so. At that moment, M16 felt her body restricting itself somehow. She was supposed to meltdown but had not for an unknown reason. It’s implied the event would’ve been covered up by those responsible through the use of a secretly embedded code to cause neural cloud meltdowns, but M16 avoided that fate thanks to intervention by Elisa. As for who implemented the code, it remains unknown but the most probable assailant is William or an insider within the 6th Directorate.
A doll surviving the incident was not in the conspirator’s plans, but the interesting nature of the phenomena changed the person’s mind. Additionally, they mentioned what Lyco was saying was nonsense, there was no reason for Persica to hear it, and that they were eager to see M16’s successors. For they and Elisa were the perfect candidates for the OGASs. Everything past this point became a blur and was later deleted from M16’s memory presumably by William. As of now, we know Persica never saw Lyco’s final
 
message. And soon after, she began the activation of the other AR Team members from stasis: ST-AR15, M4 SOPMOD II, and M4A1. The identity of the voice over the transmissions remains a mystery but it's very likely to be William. Once M16 left, Sangvis Ferri fell under Elisa’s complete control. She had a purpose: avenge her father’s death and became the perfect AI that he once always dreamed of her being. The future was set into motion on that day.

The Fallout of the Butterfly Incident 2061-2062
After Elisa took full control, Sangvis Ferri became a rogue organization. As they spread, it became clear they could not be stopped without the help of outside force.
Because of this, the Soviet government issued a contract with the Griffin & Kryuger PMC to contain Sangvis. G&K accepted the contract, immediately enforcing several lockdowns within Sangvis territory.
Six months after the Butterfly Incident, Griffin had continued their containment of the Sangvis zone, and many commanders had been brought on to order the company’s dolls. By 2062, G&K hired another batch of recruits following a series of assassinations of commanders. These new candidates were required to meet the company’s standards as well as take psych tests to evaluate their compatibility with dolls. Among them was a candidate with some experience and training under their wing who had passed the company’s notoriously difficult standards and tests. While no expert, they nevertheless completed their induction into the company and were on their way to becoming another Griffin & Kryuger commander.

Modern Doll Robots 2061-2062
Following the Butterfly Incident at the Sangvis Ferri headquarters in 2061, the former company collapsed when the SF Mastermind assumed control. Sangvis was
 
removed from the doll market overnight, and IOP was there to fill the void. With Sangvis gone, IOP utterly dominated the service, tactical, and military doll market. It would be at this time Persica would work to perfect the modular structure of second-generation tactical dolls.
One of the noteworthy updates was the introduction of a fire control core. Created with safety in mind, the core contained all the combat software needed for a tactical doll. It was specifically designed to be highly compatible with ASST and featured several interface ports. For the sake of safety and convenience, all combat software could be instantly removed if an individual disconnected the fire control core from the doll. This design acted as a contingency to prevent any accident or disaster from occurring.
By 2062, IOP and 16LAB had managed to perfect and standardize the module structure of tactical and civilian doll robots. Military doll robots remained separate from the standards of the civilian doll market, demanding more combat software and performance to meet military requirements. The ACD series became the preferred dolls of the military while the SST and SSD series became the standard for civilian and tactical dolls. The SST and SSD series are made up of six subtypes, each with its advantages and disadvantages. The majority of civilian and tactical dolls are SST series; however, the SSD is a more recent series released by IOP, focusing on human-like assimilation and interaction.
The SST series is made of three subtypes: the SST-05, SST-05	A, and the SST-05A2. SST dolls make up the majority of products sold by IOP, with the original 05
being the most common. All the 05s featured better processing speeds, proficient weapon and tool compatibility with ASST, and enough free space for emotion simulation. The added emotion simulation data allowed for much more casual and natural conversations between humans and themselves. While the 05s lack the capabilities of its later iterations, the cheaper price tag and special warfare capabilities meet the demands of the open market. Because of this, the 05 models have become IOP’s flagship doll. Most combat data provided by tactical dolls comes from this subtype because of the quantity and large size of digimind databases.
 
The following model, the 05A, is a direct upgrade to the base model. Using the data provided from the digimind databases of the original, the subtype was more efficient than the original model. The 05As require software to be installed, and their hardware has seen decent upgrades as well. Due to the simplicity and special warfare effectiveness of the 05A subtype, the Griffin & Kryuger PMC had chosen them as their standard frontline dolls. The last within the SST series is the 05A2; a subtype that could be thought of as the “special forces” of tactical dolls. Performing just beneath military dolls, the 05A2s feature a heavy price tag but are very effective in their niches. They’re specifically made with the purpose of special warfare, with less focus on human interaction and emotion simulation. This lack of most emotional software allows them to contain and process significantly more special warfare software. Additionally, their digimind databases are independently encrypted and stored. The added layer of security makes them an exceptional choice for missions where the safety of intelligence or data is crucial. These dolls are likely the most uncommon amongst T-dolls due to their price tag.
The most recent series of dolls is IOP’s SSD series. The series consists of three subtypes: SSD-62D, SSD-62F, and SSD-62G models. These dolls are created to meet the demands of the doll markets and feature a deeper focus on human interaction. Unlike the SSTs, the SSDs have much more of their processing power directed towards emotional simulation. To assist in the effort, IOP implemented a new third-party interaction system that allows interactions to become easier with nearly anyone. Furthermore, their physical appearances were changed to fit better with their respective service jobs. The D, F, and G models each serve a different purpose and represent most of the market for service dolls. Both the D and F-dolls are used for service and labor, but the F-subtype is reserved specifically for ceremonial purposes. Furthermore, these two subtypes have hundreds of interchangeable appearance parts available to their customer, granting a more diverse range of dolls to fill the needs of service jobs. In the event they needed some form of combat capabilities in their job, fire control cores could be installed into them. The last subtype of the SSD series is the G-models. These dolls are specifically meant for special response jobs in potentially dangerous scenarios that standard D and F-dolls cannot
 
operate in. The G-dolls are usually custom-made to meet the demands of security and law enforcement; however, they do not possess the performance level of military or high-end tactical dolls. Because of this, G-dolls tend to have steep price tags with small production runs and are not common on the market. Currently, the majority of service dolls consist of D and F-dolls.
